FROM: THE DESK OF THE MANAGING DIRECTOR INTERNATIONAL PROMOTIONS/PRICE AWARD DEPARTMENT. REF Nє: EGS/2251256003/02 BATCH Nє:14/0017/1PD AWARD NOTIFICATION/ FINAL NOTICE National Lottery wishes to inform you the results of the E-mail address ballot lottery international program by Great Britain held on 10th September, 2012. Your email account has been picked as a winner of SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND POUNDS ONLY. This result is now released on Wed 12th September 12 and your email address attached in the Category (A). All participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from Random lucky pick in our officer users from company and individual email addresses and your lucky number are as follows 23, 50, 41,66,10,34 Users which is also known as to view and confirm this result from our website for your winning click on this link http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2113613/45m-lottery-winners-Cassey-Carrington-Matt-Topham-buy-250k-house.html Be advice to keep your winning information confidential until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to you. This is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program, for the release of your winning; Kindly contact your claims agent in National Lottery Head Quarters Mr. Bucklay George, on Tel/Fax +447937412698, +447937414592 you are to quote your lucky number for confirmation on your winning. All winning must be claimed not later than 21st September, 2013. After this date all unclaimed funds will be returned to European Union Treasury as unclaimed. Please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number in all correspondence. You are therefore advised to give the following information to your claim’s agent Via: lottery@Safe-mail.net 1. Full name and address. 2. Country. 3. Tel and fax number. 4. Occupation. 5. Your age. 6. Scanned your international passport Congratulations from the staff and thank you for being part of email account users program. Yours Sincerely, Mrs. Julie Van Hans, Executive.(Euro Lottery Intern.) Dr. P. Swier, Mr. Gerald Goodman (Manager Foreign Operations), Mr. Franklyn Van Der Weijden (Manager Domestic Banking Operations), Dr. James Williams (Director International Credit Department), Mrs. Sandra Murphy (Executive), Mr. Michael Cole (Executive), Mr. Stephen Boer (Chairman). Copyright © 2012 Europe Union Lottery International MRS JULIE VAN HANS, VICE PRESIDENT. Disclaimer: This message is intended only for use of the person(s) ("the intended recipient(s)") to whom it is addressed. It may contain information which is privileged and confidential within the meaning of applicable law.If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender as soon as possible. The views expressed in this communication may not necessarily be the views held by Royal Insurance Corporation of Bhutan Limited (RICBL). 