 Get smarter about running! Click here ! That's right: If you truly want to sky-rocket your VO2 max — for a faster PR in any race — you need a training plan designed specifically for YOU. With Runner's World SmartCoachPLUS , that's exactly what you'll get: a precision training plan designed by the experts at Runner's World and customized for your body. Whether you're training for Boston or just want to complete your first 5-K, you'll get a running plan geared to help you achieve peak performance. The best part: You can try Runner's World SmartCoachPLUS FREE FOR 30 DAYS! Think of it as a very strategic approach to improving your speed and endurance. To create a plan perfectly suited for you, you simply enter your most recent race time (or your fastest time for a mile-long run), add details about your training goals, and voilà! Your customized running routine will guide you day-by-day to hit your goal and craft you into a finely tuned running machine.   Plus, you'll get all the tools you need to take your training to the next level:   CUSTOM RUNNING GOALS All runners are not created equal — and their training routines shouldn't be either! Whether you've never completed a 5-K or you've run in major races across the country, SmartCoachPLUS can help you stay focused on the finish line. Your plan will take into consideration your age, gender, ability, and goals while incorporating routines that will maximize results, increase stamina, and help you become a more successful athlete. FLEXIBLE ROUTINES Miss a workout? Who hasn't? By upgrading to SmartCoachPLUS , your momentary lapse won't set back your training. Need to change the day of your race or length of the run? No sweat! Simply adjust your plan, and you'll be able to get back on track with ease. EXPERT ADVICE AND SUPPORT If you need some inspiration after a less than stellar session, get top-notch advice and motivation from SmartCoach's co-creator (and Boston Marathon champ!) Amby Burfoot, along with Runner's World editors in a members-only forum. MULTIPLE TRAINING PLANS Planning several races this year? Great! SmartCoachPLUS makes it easy to train your best for one race, then the next, and the next! With SmartCoachPLUS , all the planning is left to us — all you have to do is run. Sign up for a FREE 30-day trial of SmartCoachPLUS today!     Your 100% satisfaction is our goal: Cancel within the first 30 days and owe nothing; otherwise, the service will continue until you cancel. Try the FREE 30-DAY TRIAL of SmartCoachPLUS and get Eat Like a Genius — Nutrition for Runners at Amplify your workout — and your diet — with this guide that's specifically geared for runners! It'll help you maintain your energy, build strength, and prepare for long runs with ease! With an upgrade to SmartCoachPLUS , you not only get the customizable plans that will help you meet your race goals, but you'll get tons of other great tools to make you the best runner you can be, including: • Daily workout reminders   • Members-only discussion forum     • Multiple schedules     • Flexible plans   Don't forget your FREE gift! Free with your 30-day trial to SmartCoachPLUS , you get Eat Like a Genius — Nutrition for Runners! 202054701 Unsubscribe | Manage Your Email Preferences | Your Privacy Rights Customer Service Dept., 400 South 10th Street, Emmaus, PA 18098 © 2012 Rodale Inc., all rights reserved 