 Breaking News From Newsmax.com Rumsfeld: Blame for Benghazi 'Does Stop' With Obama Special: Clinical study confirms: joints repaired, pain and stiffness vanish fast! Solyndra Seeks Huge Tax Benefit in Bankruptcy Ross Perot Endorses Romney Sponsor Breaking News Alert: October 16, 2012 Journal of Joint Pain Advancements Clinical studies confirm: Joint Damage Halted as Pain and Stiffness Vanish After 10 successful human clinical trials, the state of the science in joint health has been rewritten and the medical community is stunned. Long-term pain sufferers on three continents have reported fast relief — and in some cases, no more symptoms at all. Now available, without a prescription, Newsmax readers can test this joint repairing breakthrough for a full year. Results are guaranteed or it’s free! "I was amazed how quickly the stiffness and discomfort on my right knee has disappeared," 76-year-old, Margaret T., told us, “My doctor was very surprised and asked what medicine I was taking.” Margaret canceled the knee surgery she had scheduled over a year ago. Until recently, joint pain sufferers had to rely on pain-relievers and anti-inflammatories that temporarily mask pain. What sets this all-natural breakthrough apart from those old “standbys” is that it actually halts the body’s attack on joints, while spurring the natural cartilage growth process into high gear - easing pain, reversing stiffness and restoring flexibility fast. Patients are reclaiming their active lifestyles at any age – reporting lasting relief and even a permanent reversal of symptoms. All without any side-effects! Click here to test the power of natural joint repair for yourself. Newsmax readers can put it to the test for a full year—results are guaranteed or it’s free. This email is never sent unsolicited. You have received this Newsmax email because you subscribed to it or someone forwarded it to you. To opt out, see the links below. TO ADVERTISE For information on advertising, please contact Newsmax Advertising Sales via email. TO SUBSCRIBE If this email has been forwarded to you and you would like to sign up, please click here . Remove your email address from our list or modify your profile. We respect your right to privacy. View our policy. This email was sent by: Newsmax.com 1501 Northpoint Parkway, Suite 104 West Palm Beach, FL 33407 USA 1464989 10682-1 