 Daily Mirror E-Paper - Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) for 17 Oct 2012 has been released Unsubscribe from Email Alerts Add Newspaper Alert ( dmirror@support.newspaperdirect.com ) to your address book to ensure complete delivery. Learn more . NEWSPAPER ALERT FROM Daily Mirror E-Paper Thank you for choosing to read Daily Mirror E-Paper and helping to save our forests. Dear First Last, Your newspaper has just been released. Read it before it appears on newsstands! Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) 17 Oct 2012 In This Issue: JVPTO REPORT BERTY TO BRIBERY COMMISSION The Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) is planning to lodge a complaint with the Bribery Commission against former Chief Minister of the North Central Provincial Council, Berty Premalal... COPE spotlight on NSB-TFC deal The purchase of The Finance Company (TFC) shares by the National Savings Bank (NSB) at an inflated price of Rs.390 million was done on the recommenda tion of an illegally appointed... Let Unpers attend rally, Karu tells Ranil Former United National Party (UNP) Deputy Leader and MP Karu Jayasuriya had requested party leader Ranil Wickremesinghe to permit party members to Don't bring party into disrepute The United National Party (UNP) lashed out at its Gampaha District MP Karu Jayasuriya yesterday and asked him not to bring the party into disrepute. In a strongly worded three-page letter... Read more newspapers on Daily Mirror E-Paper. View all titles If you are having trouble seeing this HTML letter click here . Change your Newspaper Alert | FAQ | Unsubscribe from Newspaper Alerts This Newspaper Alert was sent to you because you have chosen to subscribe to this feature as part of your subscription to Daily Mirror E-Paper. This free Newspaper Alert lets you know when your favorite newspaper is available for your reading enjoyment online. Please let us know if you wish to unsubscribe from this feature by clicking here or by contacting our Customer Support Team . You may also mail your comments to the attention of Customer Support Team at NewspaperDirect, Inc., 200-13111 Vanier Place, Richmond, BC, Canada V6V 2J1, or phone us at +1 (604) 278-4604 or toll-free at 1.877.980.4040 (US and Canada only). Thank you. Copyright 2012 - Daily Mirror .All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | FAQ 