 Please enable images in your email...  You may vote once per day. Thanks for voting for your favorite non-profit. Please support our sponsors by visiting: LA Photo Party - LA Photo Party offers innovative photography solutions for events combining entertainment, branding, and social media. Photo Party Upload - The Event Photography App - Great for any photo activation such as a photo booth or green screen. All images appear wirelessly on iPad then guests can upload to Facebook, Twitter, and email + data capture and more! Photosphere360 - Branded 360 photos for parties and events printed, projected, and turned into interactive movies online that can be linked to Facebook.   DJ DANNO & Elite Sound Entertainment's    Party Graffiti Thank you for your interest in LA Photo Party! If you are looking for something new and different for your event then LA Photo Party may be the perfect fit for you. We have invented a way to make a photography studio portable BUT it functions like a photo booth. The Photo Booth Without the Booth. Our setup is great because it is totally unique, high energy, and fun. We provide entertainment in a way that a traditional photo booth never could  - mid-air jumps, 10+ people fit in a photo, fashion photo quality - while still providing your guests with an awesome take-home souvenir. Or for a smaller footprint, check out our brand new Photo Party Station. Our Photosphere360 setup is the only one of it's kind in the world. Photosphere360 snaps branded 360-degree photos at parties and events that are also turned into interactive movies allowing users to click and drag the picture to see all the action! The interactive movies can be branded then linked to Facebook, Myspace, and emailed, allowing your guests to do viral marketing for you. Click here to check out a video of Photosphere360 in action! Photo Party Upload - Add Photo Party Upload to allow our photos to be wirelessly transferred from our camera to our iPads where guests can print and/or upload to Facebook, Twitter, or Email live from your event. Photos are branded automatically and we can even capture email addresses, add a Facebook LIKE button, add a survey and more!  Check out our online video .  There are three main ways to incorporate Photo Party Upload into your event: 1) Link to our Photo Booth Without The Boot h - All photos taken in LA Photo Party's Photo Booth Without The Booth will appear on our iPads so that your guests can instantly print or upload to their favorite social media sites. 2) Roaming iPad Backpack Photographer - Our roaming photographer brings the action to your guests! Our unique iPad Backpack holds an iPad in front of the photographer so that she can roam around your photo taking photos of guests on the dance floor, red carpet, and beyond. Photos instantly appear on the iPad so that guests can upload them instantly to Facebook, Twitter, and Email. 3) The Photo Party Station - The Photo Party Station is super sleek alternative to a photo booth. A touchscreen mounted in a slick housing makes for an awesome photo booth experience open to the entire party while only taking up about 1 foot square.  With options to upload to social media as well as instant printing this is a great solution for a tight space. We use your party as the background of the photos. Add a fisheye lens for a funky-MTV look. Please give me a call so that we can discuss the option that works best for you. You can learn more by clicking here - 310-997-0019 . Thanks! Brian PS. You can read independent review of LA Photo Party - click here Thanks! -- Brian Miller President 310-997-0019 Favorite pose: "The High School Musical" http://LAPhotoParty.com Introducing our new product - http://Photosphere360.com - YOU GOTTA CHECK THIS OUT! Recommended by: Daily Candy, TheKnot.com, LA Times Magazine, WeddingChannel.com, Biz Bash, Here Comes The Guide, Special Event Magazine, LA Magazine, Brides.com, Yelp.com, Bridal Bar... Your vote has not been registered yet. To complete the voting process please click the following link which will cast your vote and confirm to us that this is a working email address: http://www.laphotoparty.com/nonprofit/?user_email=Z@dispostable.com&c=365dce0274f3533a0310872080abf933&a=1?user_email=34@dispostable.com&c=e858e8a14c5a859233c994e606c4b353&a=1 Here is some additional info about LA Photo Party: Please enable images in your email You may vote once per day. Thanks for voting for your favorite non-profit. Please support our sponsors by visiting: LA Photo Party - LA Photo Party offers innovative photography solutions for events combining entertainment, branding, and social media. Photo Party Upload - The Event Photography App - Great for any photo activation such as a photo booth or green screen. All images appear wirelessly on iPad then guests can upload to Facebook, Twitter, and email + data capture and more! Photosphere360 - Branded 360 photos for parties and events printed, projected, and turned into interactive movies online that can be linked to Facebook. DJ DANNO & Elite Sound Entertainment's    Party Graffiti   Here is some info about LA Photo Party! Thank you for your interest in LA Photo Party! If you are looking for something new and different for your event then LA Photo Party may be the perfect fit for you. We have invented a way to make a photography studio portable BUT it functions like a photo booth. The Photo Booth Without the Booth. Our setup is great because it is totally unique, high energy, and fun. We provide entertainment in a way that a traditional photo booth never could  - mid-air jumps, 10+ people fit in a photo, fashion photo quality - while still providing your guests with an awesome take-home souvenir. Or for a smaller footprint, check out our brand new Photo Party Station. Our Photosphere360 setup is the only one of it's kind in the world. Photosphere360 snaps branded 360-degree photos at parties and events that are also turned into interactive movies allowing users to click and drag the picture to see all the action! The interactive movies can be branded then linked to Facebook, Myspace, and emailed, allowing your guests to do viral marketing for you. Click here to check out a video of Photosphere360 in action! Photo Party Upload - Add Photo Party Upload to allow our photos to be wirelessly transferred from our camera to our iPads where guests can print and/or upload to Facebook, Twitter, or Email live from your event. Photos are branded automatically and we can even capture email addresses, add a Facebook LIKE button, add a survey and more!  Check out our online video .  There are three main ways to incorporate Photo Party Upload into your event: 1) Link to our Photo Booth Without The Boot h - All photos taken in LA Photo Party's Photo Booth Without The Booth will appear on our iPads so that your guests can instantly print or upload to their favorite social media sites. 2) Roaming iPad Backpack Photographer - Our roaming photographer brings the action to your guests! Our unique iPad Backpack holds an iPad in front of the photographer so that she can roam around your photo taking photos of guests on the dance floor, red carpet, and beyond. Photos instantly appear on the iPad so that guests can upload them instantly to Facebook, Twitter, and Email. 3) The Photo Party Station - The Photo Party Station is super sleek alternative to a photo booth. A touchscreen mounted in a slick housing makes for an awesome photo booth experience open to the entire party while only taking up about 1 foot square.  With options to upload to social media as well as instant printing this is a great solution for a tight space. We use your party as the background of the photos. Add a fisheye lens for a funky-MTV look. Please give me a call so that we can discuss the option that works best for you. You can learn more by clicking here - 310-997-0019 . Thanks! Brian PS. You can read independent review of LA Photo Party - click here   Thanks! -- Brian Miller President 310-997-0019 Favorite pose: "The High School Musical" http://LAPhotoParty.com Introducing our new product - http://Photosphere360.com - YOU GOTTA CHECK THIS OUT! Recommended by: Daily Candy, TheKnot.com, LA Times Magazine, WeddingChannel.com, Biz Bash, Here Comes The Guide, Special Event Magazine, LA Magazine, Brides.com, Yelp.com, Bridal Bar... 