 Topic : Consumer topicsSurvey ID : 1200414-UKSurvey Length : 15 minutes 3,000 Points If you cannot view the button above, please copy the link below and paste it in your browser: http://ups.surveyrouter.com/SurveyTrafficUI/STMUI/Page.aspx?pgtid=20&di=jO68loTIi6tV6MSIVetBIBnpXf4E363fQWhz338JQWbME4 Dear Jack, Today we would like to invite you to a special study.The study consists of two questionnaires which we would like to invite you to within a time-span of XXX weeks. Take part in this study and win 3,000 Points . If you qualify in the first questionnaire we would like to send you a sample of a product to test at home. In the second part of the study we would like to know your opinion regarding the product tested and its brand.It goes without saying that the product sample remains yours after finishing the study. Please make sure you do not use a Mac, Tablet PC or Mobile device to complete the survey. You must use a PC in order to successfully part take in the survey.If you are unfortunately not part of the target group we are looking for in this survey, the questionnaire will finish before the end. You will still be able to access other surveys later and you will be given a free ticket for the £5000 Monthly Prize Draw, as a token of our appreciation. Please understand that from time to time the survey that you have been invited to becomes unavailable between the time you were invited and the time that you answer the survey for a variety of reasons. In these cases we will present you with another survey that we think you may qualify for. Thank you very much,The Toluna Team. PS: Please note that there are quality check questions in this survey, so please read each question carefully and choose the answer that best describes your opinion. Your points will be credited to you within 4 weeks following the end of the survey. We kindly ask you to activate JavaScript and to accept cookies in your internet browser. You received this invitation email because you are a registered member of Toluna. If you no longer wish to receive invitations to participate in our studies, please click here to cancel your membership: Unsubscribe If you have any questions or experience any technical difficulties with the survey, please go to our support website at http://uk.toluna.com/contactus Terms and conditions 