 To view this e-mail as a web page, go here. 11.14.12 Holiday Organization Help   This is the first of four newsletters to help you prepare for a smoother and happier holiday season. To start off, here are four ways to streamline your holiday activities. Do only those things that matter to you and those you love! More. » >Related" src="http://image.exct.net/lib/fef016767c6c02/i/2/fb25b3b4-9.gif" align="left" height="13" vspace="3" width="59"> Free Holiday Download: A chart to help you set priorities this holiday season. »   My H oliday Husband "Halfway through any meal, my husband is up rearranging the spice rack. Will Thanksgiving be an exception?" »   Th ink Turkey! Planning a holiday party can sometimes be challenging for ADHD adults. Follow this guide to pull off the perfect event -- without pulling out your hair. »   Lacks Social Skills My son is taking ADHD meds, which has helped tremendously with school work. The problem we are left with is his lack of social skills. Any advice?" » Hidden ADHD Talents? My ADHD gets in my way a lot, so I need to hone in on what I'm good at...the question is, how do I find out what this talent is?" » Missing Homework What is appropriate disciplinary action for an ADD child who is not turning in assignments? My son is getting a D in his class because he forgets to turn in homework! " »       An ADHD Thanksgiving "Just as I was starting to feel like a scatterbrained, worthless, ADHD fraud again, I realized the dinner I'd made was perfect." Feast on Frank South's holiday success! » Truly Thankful "On Thanksgiving day, the whole family gave heartfelt thanks for Natalie's new ADHD medication and the calm peace of a happy child." Read Kay Marner's Thanksgiving post . »     This holiday season, take advantage of ADDitude 's special offer and give two subscriptions (your own or a gift) for the price of one!          This e-mail was sent to: fran@dispostable.com This e-mail was sent by: ADDitude Magazine 39 West 37th St., 15th floor, New York, NY 10018, USA We respect your right to privacy - view our policy Manage Subscriptions | Update Profile | One-Click Unsubscribe 