     14 - November - 2012      Forward to a Friend        View Online        Subscribe "Bring me the winner!" I want to share a story with you that I heard recently - I have no idea if it's true, but here goes anyway: A man went into a restaurant and ordered lobster for dinner. When the lobster was brought out, one of his big claws was missing. When he asked the waiter why it was missing, the waiter explained that the lobster had lost it in a fight. The man exclaimed, "Bring me the winner! I want the winner!" Are YOU the winner? When I need to buy something, I always ask for the top sales rep in the office. Why? Because if someone is the top sales rep, it's usually because they're giving fantastic service to their customers, and getting endless referrals as a result. And, on the other hand, the few times I didn't demand to work with the top rep, and ended up with a poor-performing salesperson, the customer service and follow-up I received were just as poor, or even non-existent. How Prospects Perceive You First impressions are everything. That's as true in sales as in every area of life, business and personal. The first impression you make on a person is the one they'll always remember. Think about movie stars - you'll usually typecast them as the role in which you first saw them. To me, Anthony LaPaglia will always be Frank Pesce. Michael Douglas will always be Gordon Gekko. Al Pacino will always be Michael Corleone. The same is true with YOU - if a prospect's initial perception of you is one of professionalism and excellence, that is how they'll always perceive you. On the contrary, if the first impression is one of unprofessionalism, or lack of success, or of desperation, that's how they'll always view you, no matter how hard you work or how much you do for them down the road. Don't Be A Loser When you cold call a prospect, the initial thoughts are, "Why is this person cold calling? Is he giving his customers such bad service that they won't give referrals?" Or, "Why is she out cold calling? Why isn't her employer running a solid marketing campaign to generate leads? Will they still be in business in a year or two to support their product?" Cold calling makes the worst possible impression. No matter what you may think of cold calling, prospects will think you are a loser - or that your company is not financially solvent. If you want to make a first impression of a winner, the first step to doing so is to stop cold calling, for good. And the first step in doing that is to get your hands on my Never Cold Call Again system, that will show you, step-by-step, how to stop cold calling and start generating hot, qualified leads instead, with people who are ready to buy right now.  And remember, you get a full 30 days to evaluate the course and decide if you want to keep it and pay for it then, or simply send it back and you'll never even be billed. Do it right now - Start Your Free Trial Now: https://www.nevercoldcall.com/ordernow.php Here's to your success! Frank Rumbauskas         ...and many more!     About Frank and Never Cold Call New York Times best-selling author Frank Rumbauskas has taught over 50,000 salespeople how to stop cold calling forever with his Never Cold Call Again system, and now it's your turn! Try the system out, absolutely free for 30 days: Stay Connected:     Copyright 2003-2012 by Frank Rumbauskas and FJR Advisors, Inc. - All Rights Reserved. 8409 Pickwick Ln. Suite 226 - Dallas, TX 75225 - (512)943-2535 - Privacy Policy Click Here to Forward This Email To A Friend Your email address bob1@dispostable.com was subscribed from IP address 81.133.15.29 via a web form on our site on 12 Sep 2012. If you would like to be removed from our list please use this link: Unsubscribe me from this list 