 Daily Mirror E-Paper - Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) for 15 Nov 2012 has been released Unsubscribe from Email Alerts Add Newspaper Alert ( dmirror@support.newspaperdirect.com ) to your address book to ensure complete delivery. Learn more . NEWSPAPER ALERT FROM Daily Mirror E-Paper Thank you for choosing to read Daily Mirror E-Paper and helping to save our forests. Dear First Last, Your newspaper has just been released. Read it before it appears on newsstands! Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) 15 Nov 2012 In This Issue: PSC on impeachment motion meets in Parliament The 11-member Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) chaired by Minister Anura Priyadharshana Yapa to inquire into the impeachment motion against Chief Justice Shirani Bandaranayake met for... GOVT.TODISCUSS 13TH AWITH ALL PARTIES The government yesterday expressed its readiness to discuss the repealing or amending the 13th Amendment to the Constitution with all political parties including the Tamil parties. House... KAHAWATTE KILLINGS: IS IT THEWORK OF A SERIAL KILLER? It is possible that a serial killer is on the prowl at Kahawatte though the police believe they have arrested nearly all the suspects in the 14 brutal killings of women including three double... Vehicle prices will go up The Excise Duty on all vehicles had gone up by between Rs.200,000 and Rs.500,000 in the 2013 Budget thus greatly increasing the prices of all vehicles, said Mahinda Sarathchandra the chairman... Read more newspapers on Daily Mirror E-Paper. View all titles If you are having trouble seeing this HTML letter click here . Change your Newspaper Alert | FAQ | Unsubscribe from Newspaper Alerts This Newspaper Alert was sent to you because you have chosen to subscribe to this feature as part of your subscription to Daily Mirror E-Paper. This free Newspaper Alert lets you know when your favorite newspaper is available for your reading enjoyment online. Please let us know if you wish to unsubscribe from this feature by clicking here or by contacting our Customer Support Team . You may also mail your comments to the attention of Customer Support Team at NewspaperDirect, Inc., 200-13111 Vanier Place, Richmond, BC, Canada V6V 2J1, or phone us at +1 (604) 278-4604 or toll-free at 1.877.980.4040 (US and Canada only). Thank you. Copyright 2012 - Daily Mirror .All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | FAQ 