 Attn My Dear Friend , I have been waiting for you since to contact me for your Cash Fund of $2.7 Million Dollars but I did not hear from you since then therefore because of the impossibility of your fund transfer through Western Union and Money Gram Office, I have credited your total sum of $2.7 Million into an ATM CARD and I want and registered the ATM CARD with FedEx Express Company for safety purpose meanwhile you are advice to contact the FedEx Express company with your delivery address. Note: I have paid for the shipping fee except their security keeping charge of $95 which I wanted to pay them but they said no because they don't know when you will contact them in case of demur rage. So you are to pay the security keeping charge of $95.00usd as soon as you contact them. The following is the Contact Information of the FedEx Express Service Company Email Address online : (fedexcourierservice1c1@yahoo.com) Tel: +229-9878-5325 Contact them today and also send them the security official keeping charge to avoid increase of their fees and let me know once you receive your ATM card. Please I advice you to reconfirm your delivery address and forward to the FedEx Express for immediate delivery: (1) YOUR FULL NAME............................. (2) YOUR HOME ADDRESS................ (3) YOUR DIRECT PHONE NUMBER........ (4) YOUR CURRENT OFFICE TELEPHONE......... (5) YOUR COUNTRY ................ (6) A COPY OF YOUR PICTURE............ so that they will deliver your ATM Card to your home address immediately. Like I said earlier I have paid for the shipping fee except their security keeping fee of $95 US only you pay this as soon as you contact them.. Here is the FedEx Express Contact Email to avoid wrong contact: [fedexcourierservice1c1@yahoo.com] i wish you good luck   Mohammed Tanko . Director General FEDEX Express Delivery Company Benin Republic. phone........ +229-9878-5325 , Please contact the company immediately you receive this email so that your package will leave tonight to be deliver to you. Get back to me as soon as you receive your package from the company. God Bless you. Regards Mr. john Benson . 