 OO.com   Holiday Fair Preview     Mel, Starting the day after Thanksgiving (next Friday), we are launching the annual OO.com Holiday Fair. It's the best way to give to your charity when you save on your holiday shopping. We made a significant change to the fair this year. We have worked with our vendor partners to publish the offer calendar AHEAD OF TIME - so you know which dates have specific offers that may interest you. We'll even remind you about offers you're interested in; this means you'll never find out about a deal after the fact! You can click below for a Sneak Peek of the fair. Sneak Peek > Regards, OO.com Team   *** LEGAL MESSAGE *** Access to OO.com is a benefit provided from OO.com. This communication is intended for the addressee(s) and may contain confidential information. If you have received this communication in error, any use, dissemination, printing or copying is strictly prohibited; please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. The vendors and products featured on the site and the terms and conditions for the use of the site may change from time to time without notice. OO.com does not endorse any vendor and disclaims responsibility for any product, promotion or content on the site. ABOUT THIS EMAIL: This email was sent to you because you requested to be informed about offers from OO.com. CONTACT US: Please do not reply to this email. For questions related to the program please visit our site FAQ. If you wish to make any changes to your account please visit the "My Account" section of the site. For all other matters, please send us a message using the Contact Us link on your OO.com homepage or click here . UNSUBSCRIBE: To unsubscribe, please use the Contact Us link on your OO.com homepage or click here . You can also manage your email settings in your "My Account" section of the site. PRIVACY: We are committed to protecting your privacy. See our privacy policy for additional information. OO.com is managed by Next Jump Inc. | 261 Fifth Avenue | 8th Floor | New York | NY | 10016 