 Shop All-New Early Birds & Night Owls + Extra 15% Off Everything Today Only! Everyone gets $15 Kohl's Cash for every $50 spent! | View this e-mail in a Web browser *Surcharges may apply due to size, weight or special handling required. If your item has a surcharge, it will appear on the product page. **OFFER VALID IN STORE & ONLINE. 15% offer is nontransferable and must be presented at time of in-store purchase or Promo Code must be entered at Kohls.com to receive discount. Dollar-off discounts applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts. Offer good on all sale-, regular- and clearance-priced merchandise. Offer not valid for price adjustments on prior purchases, the purchase of Gift Cards, payment on a Kohl's Charge account or in conjunction with any percent-off discounts, including age-specific discounts. Offer also not valid on the purchase of Kohl's Cares® cause merchandise or other charitable items. Excludes sales tax and shipping. See store for details. ***REDEEMABLE IN STORE AND AT KOHLS.COM 11/26 THROUGH 12/3. Kohl's Cash® is not legal tender. No cash back. Customer will receive a $15 Kohl's Cash® Coupon for the first $50 in purchases. An additional $15 in value will be added to the coupon for each additional $50 spent in that single transaction. Kohl's Cash® Coupon is earned on the amount of customer purchases after all applicable discounts are applied and before tax is imposed. Eligible customer purchases include sale-, regular- and clearance-priced merchandise, but exclude the purchase of Gift Cards. Offer can be redeemed with any other offer, but cannot be redeemed for cash. Kohl's Cash® will be applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts. Kohl's Cash® Coupon may not be redeemed (1) on purchases of Kohl's Cares® cause merchandise or other charitable items; (2) to reduce customer's Kohl's Charge or any third party charge account balance; (3) as price adjustments on prior purchases; or (4) to purchase Gift Cards. If merchandise purchased earning a Kohl's Cash® Coupon is subsequently returned or price adjusted, the value of the Kohl's Cash® Coupon previously earned and/or the amount of the merchandise refund may be reduced to reflect any unearned value. Return value of merchandise purchased with a Kohl's Cash® Coupon may also be subject to adjustment. Offer is nontransferable. †No purchase necessary. Open only to legal U.S. residents, 18 or older. See Official Rules available in store or at www.kohls.com/dreamreceipt. Void in Puerto Rico and where prohibited by law. ††Store hours may vary by location. Please click here to find the hours of your local Kohl's store. †††OFFER VALID ONLINE ONLY. 20% offer is nontransferable and Promo Code must be entered at Kohls.com to receive discount. Dollar-off discounts applied prior to percent-off total purchase discounts. Offer good on select sale-, regular- and clearance-priced merchandise. Offer not valid for price adjustments on prior purchases, the purchase of Gift Cards, payment on a Kohl's Charge account or in conjunction with any percent-off discounts, including age-specific discounts. Offer also not valid on the purchase of Kohl's Cares® cause merchandise or other charitable items. Excludes sales tax and shipping. See store for details. This mailbox is unattended, so please do not reply to this message. If you no longer wish to receive e-mails from Kohls.com , unsubscribe here . Please allow up to seven days for your e-mail address to be removed. For other inquiries, e-mail us at myaccount.help@kohls.com , or write us at Kohl's Department Stores, Attention: Customer Service, N54 W13600 Woodale Drive, Menomonee Falls, WI 53051. Find a Kohl's near you! Was this forwarded from a friend? Click here to sign up and we'll send Sale Alerts straight to your inbox. You'll also save $5 in store and 10% off your next Kohls.com purchase! Free Standard Shipping offer good now through November 27, 2012. Shopping Pass good now through November 25, 2012. Kohl's Cash earn offer good now through November 25, 2012. Redeemable November 26 through December 3, 2012. All New for Saturday Sale prices good through November 24, 2012. Night Owl and Early Bird prices good through November 24, 2012. Dream Receipts offer good now through December 24, 2012. Cyber Specials good now through December 1, 2012. 