 Untitled Document The Missing Piece of Your Personal Library Former Congressman Bob Bauman has collected dozens of strategies to legally reduce your taxes, exempt yourself from numerous government regulations and protect your personal privacy from government prying in The Passport Book . Click here to see how you can get a copy today. This Week in The Sovereign Investor ... Dear Sovereign Investor Subscriber, Here are the highlights from this week's Sovereign Investor articles... Monday, November 19 – On Election Day, Don’t Encourage the Bastards In this article from last February, Jeff Opdyke, Editor of The Sovereign Individual , warned us that as we entered election season, America was once again going to be presented with no choice at all – just two candidates who would both continue the same destructive policies that address none of America’s fundamental problems. Now that this incredibly divisive election has concluded, Jeff’s words still ring true – already the politicians are back to grandstanding and bickering while ignoring the real issues. To read more, click here . Advertisement Forbidden Secrets of the Rich and Famous Former Congressman Bob Bauman says you don’t have to be one of America’s elite to build a freer, richer retirement. He’s put together 320 easy-to-implement strategies for protecting your financial future that were previously only available to the super rich. To learn more, click here for his special report. Tuesday, November 20 – The Life of a “Sovereign Individual” Here at The Sovereign Society, we show you how to become a “sovereign individual.” But what exactly is a sovereign individual? How does such a person live his or her life? In this essay from April, Bob Bauman, Offshore and Asset Protection Editor, describes the life of “George Spelvin,” a typical Sovereign Society member. From his meticulous monitoring of his own personal and financial privacy to his constant preparation for his own “Plan B” should it ever be needed, George knows that the only person who will be watching out for his best interests is himself. To learn more about the day in the life of a true sovereign individual, click here . Wednesday, November 21 – Reading the Real Signals the Market is Sending With the tumult that has shaken the markets over the past few weeks, it’s easy to let fear dominate you decision making. However, as Evaldo Albuquerque, Editor of Pure Income , reminds us, if you really want to make sure you meet your financial goals for the future, you have to look past your fear and invest in areas where you can find the growth you need. To see where Evaldo believes you should be putting your money today, click here to read more. Thursday, November 22 – A Normal Rockwell View of Thanksgiving: Not Linked to Reality For too many Americans, Thanksgiving is a day for eating turkey, over-indulging, bickering with family, watching football and shopping. Sadly, as Bob Bauman, Offshore and Asset Protection Editor, explains, most Americans are completely ignorant to our nation’s history and its founding principles – including the real meaning of Thanksgiving. Bob says that if you look back at our history, Thanksgiving was for the Pilgrims, a day meant to express thanks for the opportunity of a better life in the New World. And today, we should look back at their example to remind ourselves about the liberties and freedom we should be thankful for. Click here to read more. Friday, November 23 – Why America’s Grandparents Will Keep Dividend Taxes Low With the election behind us, our politicians are already back to work digging in their heels about the approaching “fiscal cliff.” As they bicker and squabble, it’s easy to believe that we’ll go plummeting right over the cliff without even slowing down. But, as Jeff Opdyke, Editor of The Sovereign Individual , explained earlier this summer, you can take it to the bank that politicians will find a way to keep dividend taxes low. As Jeff explains, that means that right now you should be looking for high-dividend paying stocks to help supplement the income lost to the Fed’s current policies. To read more about where you should be putting your money to work, click here . Until next week, Mark S Smith P.S. As Bob Bauman noted this week, Americans have forgotten much of our history and the ideals this country was founded on. That’s why most of us haven’t noticed as our rights and liberties have slowly been stripped away by a government that is supposed to protect them. In his Offshore Confidential , Bob can show you how you can start taking the future of your personal and financial freedom back into your own hands. To learn more, click here for his latest special report. RECENT ARTICLES 11/19 / 2012 On Election Day, Don’t Encourage the Bastards The democracy that once reigned in America is gone. Replaced with political parties that are all the same. It's time to think of Plan B. 11/16 / 2012 Wealth and Prosperity Do Exist … if You Know Where to Look Wealth and Prosperity do exist, if you know where to look. Hint: it's not in America. Look to the East - Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan. 11/15 / 2012 In Uruguay, it Only Gets Better Uruguay is one safe haven you need to check out. From its banks, strong economy and wonderful quality of life - this country has it all. 11/14 / 2012 Own a Hotel and Whip Inflation Becoming a shareholder in a new, five-star hotel in Uruguay is the perfect way to capitalize off of Uruguay's growing tourism industry. BECOME A MEMBER Don't let yourself be caught unprepared when the next economic crisis hits. As a member of The Sovereign Society , you'll have the information you need to start protecting yourself today. JOIN NOW STAY INFORMED Whitelist Us Follow Us on Twitter Like Us on Facebook Â  Privacy Policy The Sovereign Investor 98 S.E. 6th Ave, Suite 2 Delray Beach, FL 33483 The mailbox associated with this email address is not monitored, so please do not reply. Your feedback is very important to us so if you would like to contact us with a question or comment, please click here: http://sovereign-investor.com/contact-us/ Legal Notice: This work is based on what we've learned as financial journalists. It may contain errors and you should not base investment decisions solely on what you read here. It's your money and your responsibility. Nothing herein should be considered personalized investment advice. Although our employees may answer general customer service questions, they are not licensed to address your particular investment situation. Our track record is based on hypothetical results and may not reflect the same results as actual trades. Likewise, past performance is no guarantee of future returns. Certain investments such as futures, options, and currency trading carry large potential rewards but also large potential risk. Don't trade in these markets with money you can't afford to lose. CFTC Rule 4.41 - These results are based on simulated or hypothetical performance results that have certain inherent limitations. Unlike the results shown in an actual performance record, these results do not represent actual trading. Also, because these trades have not actually been executed, these results may have under-or over-compensated for the impact, if any, of certain market factors, such as lack of liquidity. Simulated or hypothetical trading programs in general are also subject to the fact that they are designed with the benefit of hindsight. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to these being shown. It should not be assumed that the methods, techniques, or indicators presented in this product will be profitable or that they will not result in losses. Past results of any individual or trading strategy published by the sovereign society are not indicative of future returns by that individual or strategy, and are not indicative of future returns which could be realized by you. In addition, the indicators, strategies, columns, articles and all other features of The Sovereign Society’s products (collectively, the “Information”) are provided for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice. Such set-ups are not solicitations of any order to buy or sell. Accordingly, you should not rely solely on the Information in making any investment. Rather, you should use the Information only as a starting point for doing additional independent research in order to allow you to form your own opinion regarding investments. You should always check with your licensed financial advisor and tax advisor to determine the suitability of any investment. Sovereign Offshore Services LLC expressly forbids its writers from having a financial interest in their own securities or commodities recommendations to readers. Such recommendations may be traded, however, by other editors, Sovereign Offshore Services LLC, its affiliated entities, employees, and agents, but only after waiting 24 hours after an internet broad cast or 72 hours after a publication only circulated through the mail. Also, please note that due to our commercial relationship with EverBank, we may receive compensation if you choose to invest in any of their offerings. (c) 2012 Sovereign Offshore Services LLC. All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright laws of the United States and international treaties. This Newsletter may only be used pursuant to the subscription agreement. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution, (electronic or otherwise) in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Sovereign Offshore Services, LLC. 98 South East 6th Ave, Suite 2, Delray Beach FL 33483. To unsubscribe from The Sovereign Investor and any associated external offers, click here . 