 Blowout savings on all 2012 FORD vehicles. View Clearance and Sale Prices on all Models for FREE I understand what you're saying about your fireplace overwhelming your family room, but I think a bigger problem is the windows. They seem too short for the high ceiling, and they're too close to the fireplace. Can you post a picture of your windows with the blinds pulled up to see what they look like? Almost any fireplace surround is going to be about the same width as your current one -- maybe a bit narrower, but the gap between it and the windows will be very small. The fireplaces in your pictures all have breathing room around them, and windows that are higher on the wall. Would it be possible to replace the windows with taller ones, and/or move them farther from the fireplace? If not, hanging drapes on the wall above the tops of the windows would give the illusion of height, as in the second picture. Adding wide crown moldings would also shorten the visual space between the ceiling and windows. One other thought: I think moving the cabinet in the right corner would help that wall. The step down from the ceiling-height brick to the top of the window to the top of the cabinet draws attention to the problem of scale. I think if you moved that and put up some tall drapes, a lot of the proportion problem would go away. The sofa looks nice in that room, and fits in well with the brick. The mantel in the PB catalog is beautiful! In your room its narrow columns would have an advantage over other mantels b/c they would leave a little wall space between them and the windows. It's a strong Provencal style. I can't say how well it would work in an American home that's not Mediterranean in style. Other people here would know better.While the cast fireplaces are pretty, they "feel" very Mediterrean or Spanish to me. I mush prefer the 2nd photo with the mirror above the fireplace. It's a more timeless traditional look. What will you be doing with the raised hearth surround? BTW, I am anxious to see your end result. I have a similiar fireplace and I swear it absorbs all the light in the room.egganddart49 - Thx so much for the great input! You have an excellent eye & are correct re the windows. The builder put them in too close to the fireplace. Big mistake. I think the height was intended though, as neighbors with the same floor plan have similar height. Unfortunately, moving the windows is not in our budget. Tomorrow morning the contractors begin the teardown of half our chimney. We have a leaking chimney problem (more builder error), the masons can't match our discontinued bricks, and so we decided to shorten the chimney & install a direct vent fireplace. The bricks around the fireplace will need to be torn up to get the old firebox out and install the new one, so we're "making lemonade" and getting a new surround. I see what you mean about the cabinet. I've tried so many items in that corner; just haven't hit on the right one yet! I like the idea of drapes, but the fireplace and windows are not centered (see photos below) due to an "upgrade" of a 2ft extension to the room when built. Seems like it would look unbalanced with drapes since there is extra room on the right side of the room. Argh! This room presents so many challenges! I do like the idea of crown molding in the entire room. :) Yes, love the Pottery Barn mantel! Yes, the narrow columns would help. Leaving enough room between the surround and windows has been an issue as I've been hunting for wooden surrounds. I want to have an attractive facing material, yet there's not a lot of room for both the surround leg and facing. Worried the surround would look like it had "pencil legs." We did tape off the measurements of the Dracme cast mantel we saw yesterday, and it would fit nicely width-wise. See the photo below with the blue tape. Mantel height may be a bit low? ratherbesewing - Agree...the cast FPs can feel very Mediterranean or Spanish. I did find some photos (below) that are more "neutral." I like the one with the TV above it (we wouldn't put our TV there though!); looks like some kind of marble or stone used for the facing, which adds a little "kick" to the fireplace. Re the hearth, we are leaning toward removing it so we can gain more floor space. We don't use it that much, and until last year it was covered with a blanket in fear of our kids falling on it. I know what you mean about the FP "absorbing all the light." That's exactly what happens. I don't mind the bricks mid-day, but the rest of the time there is a darkness in the room that I am so tired of! We have a half wall that separates our kitchen from the family room, so we see the fireplace wall all the time. That's why I want to be sure about the surround. We will probably put up plywood after the bricks are removed, & who knows how long I will take to decide on something! I will hunt, research, analyze, and overthink everything in fear of making the wrong decision! Thanks to everyone for your thoughts...I need hand holding on this project! :-) Photo with blinds raised: 