 EASY LOANS Our lender network is standing by with $1500 cash loans ready to deposit within the hour. 4 out of 5 are approved. How much do you need? $1500 $1000 $800 $600 Our lenders give 100 days to pay it back, so you there's no pressure, you can take your time. Request your loan amount here. Click Here ow I can totally relate, and while I don't know what to tell you as a way to get schools to understand your child. My son is 7 and was just diagnosed with autism and severe ADHD. The thing with the school the irratates me is they were the ones that brought these concerns to me. They wanted to have my son tested so he could get the support he needed. The problem was that was 6 months ago and they haven't done anything but cause me a headache. I ended up taking my son for testing on my own. It has only been 3 months now but the school is still the very opposite of helpful. They know what is going on and yet they push my son in ways he can not process. He walks in the door from school drops coat and backpack and melts on the floor crying and sometimes is physically aggressive. I have tried talking to them and explaining what is going on and how he is being effected by them pushing too much on him. They are not willing to offer ways to change their interaction with my son to help him. To top it all off they send home homework every night so after his meltdown is over I have to regroup him so that I can sit there and try to get him to do this stuff he doesnt understand. I am lost on how to get through to these schools that each child is different so they can not all be handled in the same manner. That sometimes the best thing for my child is to back off for awhile. He isnt a terrible child but he does need his space if you push him too far it is hard to get him back. The thing the school needs to understand is if they push our children so hard that they freak and they continue to push because they need to pay attention and learn is that after the fit has begun they aren't going to learn anything until they are done so giving them space is actually a better way to get them to learn. I know this sounds rude but as I told my sons teacher, my child isnt in special needs he is in your class room and as a teacher you should be trained to deal with all children not just the ones that come to school do their work and are little angels if you dont know how to deal with a child with autism then perhaps you should reevaluate your career choice. These teachers are going to have to learn the proper ways in dealing with these children because the only ones suffering our the children. Not just our children either ifI have a daughter who is 6 almost 7 years old who has Aspergers. It has been a really hard round, because Ashley is very smart and talks very well, if you didn't know her you would think she is a normal child. I found if you talk to the superatindent of the distric you will get something done about your child. My daughter has a room that they cleaned out and made this room just for my daughter to have some time to her self because she is over stim. You are the only person who can speek for your child, don't let them get away with it, because they sure will try. What state do you live in? I live in Arizona, there are certin laws for every state. ? hi, my son is 7 years old, and he has had quite a hard time in the school system. when he started school jk, they didnt even want to take him. they told me that he couldnt go there. so i called the director of special education, and the superintendant, and amazingly, they had a spot for him. he attended a regular jk class with one on one support, but his behaviour was so bad, that they cut his day to one hour. we didnt know any better, so we agreed to this. when sk came around they said he could attend for an hour and a half, at this point we had had enough, we contacted early intervention services, who helped us so much, they gave us contacts, all the info we needed, and even came to our meetings with the school board. during our meeting we came up with safety plans for him. ways to control his behaviour, and warning signs. what to do if he became aggressive, and how to deal with it. it was not the best place for him to be, but with a little bit of teeth pulling, it became a good place for him by the time grade one came around, they gave him a spot in an autism class that was wonderful, and so many people wanted it. we believe that the squeaky wheel gets the oil. you are your childs voice, and you have to speak for him. i know how hard it can be. i am a very non confrontational person. but because of my son, i have become very vocal...he has to get what he needs. calll anyone and everyone! dont stop until you get what you need for him! ? To unsubscribe Click Here 