 FREE Product Samples- Brand Name Samples Sent To You In The Mail Free Products for Women! Receive free brand product samples in the mail - See Details Now! Receive free brand product samples in the mail - No Strings Attached! Just like a doctor to call it a disease right? :lol: I really think copper is something we need to address here for sure. My son still gets this reddish tint to his hair off and on, it is very strange. I've heard of this cafe au lait being very common in autism too. My son doesn't have them on his skin, which actually makes me wonder if he really can't get rid of it? I've got the feeling my son holds onto excess copper but can't use it. My daughters get rid of it better, like I do. I also think it's more natural for girls and women to have more copper just because they have estrogen and men dont. men need lots more zinc than girls. Too much copper makes boys very manic and schitzo too. I'm trying figure out the best way to go about this with him. and me. I get a racing heart and the fatique symptoms. My oldest daughter has the elbows that bend backward (zinc deficiency). But, for us I believe it's several things going on. Did you ever notice if you have copper piping or not? are they soldered with lead like ours are? I think this combo of metals are the culprit to KPU. Lead inhibits zinc absorption, but zinc will be high in the blood causing a problem with using copper. So, copper stays in the gut, kills off good bugs and yeasts while the bad ones flourish. The excessive calcium from the zinc (and aluminum from vaccines) problem making it unabsorbable is causing too much calcium in the veins and it causes calcification blockages (not enough blood flow to the brain). lots of loose calcium. I'm actually wondering if on round I should use modified citrus pectin really heavily to remove the calcium/aluminum deposists in the arteries (since this goes into the blood)? Supposedly it is an excellent lead detox aid as well. Theres some kind of synergy going on with these less looked at metals-copper, lead and aluminum. (think about this, these would all be in the water pretty easily if you have copper/lead pipes and then aluminum treated water!) Do you have the pinkish stains in the tub and toilet like we have too? One other thing I've noticed is that my deodorant that I haven't used in a while which has aluminum in it, is pinkish too around the edges. Most city water is treated with aluminum to kill microbes. forgot to add: I've come across several (many) adults and kids with these symptoms in my neighborhood... tics, autism, neurotic, smart (copper in hair has been found in intelligent people)-almost TOO smart, lots of shaded eyeglasses, depth perception problems, colon removal, gall bladder removal, cancer. I mean, every neighbor I talk to has had something like this going on. In a neighborhood next to us, there were 4 kids in one cul-de-sac that got into the highly gifted program. Many are very weak muscularly and have reddish tint hair and a couple have tics! My two girls are gifted (but not even sort of athletic) Several of the ladies I get together with ALL had the pinkish rings in their toilets! (out of 7 of us, three had Highly gifted kids (one mom had a daughter highly gifted and son autistic), another had a HIG kid and an AG kid, Another had an AG kid. I have two AG kids and one autistic kid. Only one parent (with older college aged kids) had no gifted/autistic kids! weird and creepy.Hi Jen! Well I'm a little brain fogged myself but I can say my daughter has all of the symptoms of your kids , odd reddish tint to hair, tics, balance, behavior , double-jointed, and I noticed she was extremely gifted until age 2 when regressed after mmr...she could say mum dad nan dandad (grandad) from 6 month old baby...she also recognized my mums home route as a 1 year old and told us where we going from a few miles away...also knew a-z at age 1 ...all gone after immunizations . No pink Stains on toilet as noticed...goof to check my pipes...you sound v intelligent youselfThanks for all of your copper conversation ladies! Makes me wonder if this may be our real issue. I found this article that describes my family very well: http://www.holistic-back-relief.com/cop ... icity.html Copper Toxicity makes it impossible to truly and completely relax, so you can never truly rest and allow your Adrenals to heal and regenerate. They just keep being stimulated to death, or Adrenal Burnout. Put into a sequence, it looks like this: Low blood sugar attack or some other Stressor Panic "Fight or Flight" reaction Zinc and Magnesium gets eliminated Copper and Sodium levels rise Adrenal glands produce more epinephrine and cortisol Adrenals become fatigued and are unable to signal the production of Ceruloplasmin and Metallothioneine in the Liver The lack of Zinc in the body from all the stress reactions, lack of dietary nutrition, and the suppressing effect of Copper on Zinc's ability to function, causes a decline in the production of all proteins in the body: Ceruloplasmin, Metallothioneine, Digestive enzymes, Neuro- transmitters, etc. Copper remains unbound in the blood and so gets stashed away in the Liver, Brain, joints, nerves, muscles and other soft tissues This Copper Toxicity continues to agitate the mind, nervous system and Adrenal glands, keeping the nervous system in a perpetual state of "fight or flight". The mind and body are unable to relax due to agitating effects of Copper toxicity, the lack of Zinc and Magnesium, an inability for Zinc to help create calming neurotransmitters in the brain, and the Adrenal fatigue which causes an inability to relax out of the sympathetic nervous system into the parasympathetic nervous system. This leads to insomnia, anxiety, over-emotional behavior, Bipolar syndrome, mania, PMS, Mental disorders such as Schizophrenia and Depression. We do have copper pipes, but doesn't 1/2 the country as well? Maybe the mold was our stressor that started the fight or flight/ mag/zinc dumping resulting in copper imbalance? Hmmmm...more to research! I think somehow the aluminum used for water treatment is making our water too corrosive therefore releasing much more copper and lead in the pipes. The plumber article mentions testing the water in the am after it has set in the pipes all night. going off here into an aluminum tangent so beware.... As far as aluminum goes, imagine the implications of the aluminum in the shots too? If this bacteria is lingering in the bloodstream, it grabs onto the aluminum and forms the "scabs" seen in heart disease and it's plaque inside the arteries, mainly/possibly "blocking" blood flow in the main artery going to the brain (at the base of the brain). Copper in the intestines is allowing the bad bacteria to thrive (copper sulfate is used to treat fruit as an organic pesticide, it's used to kill fungus and bacteria in swimming pools). There is a resistant strain that loves copper sulfate, pseudonomas (sp). I think it is a combination, bacteria, aluminum, copper and lead. In an attempt to stop the leaking, the body sends calcium/aluminum and magnesium (remember all the biofilm talk? these plaques are also found in alzhiemers. just depends if it goes into the main artery leading to the brain or heart) Here's another interesting possible treatment, the pauling therapy for heart disease. High doses of lysine, proline and vitamin C. This removes the calcium/aluminum plaques and plugs up the holes in the artery walls. I really think this is where our kids are suffering from inflammation from lack of oxygen in the blood and brain (as well as the liver and muscles). this is where we are getting different symptoms and etiologies. So many things going wrong in their bodies. So much lysine is deperately going to plug up the holes that not enough is left to fight,,, you guessed it, viruses. So here you have the rogue viruses from vaccines not being addressed. my son also has mild scoliosis (sp?). Curvature of the spine is also linked to bacteria, klebseillia which we DID have on two stool tests. It's also a biofilm forming bacteria :shock: I think our kids do so well on fish oil because it thins the blood. So does Enhansa, vitamin E, adhd treatments like the pycenecol for ADHD. If the blood is "thinned" enough, it can creep through the thin opening in the thickened calcified arteries. Vitamin C makes our arteries flexible. so high doses of vitamin c is really good to add. Vitamin D is inhibited by lead which helps put calcium in the bones. This is why lead takes calcium's place in the bones. Zinc is also inhibited...adding to even more copper build up from the lead and copper being together. I imagine our kids arteries look just the same as those pipes on the photos. Also, the intestines are coated with this hard plaque, totally inhibiting digestion to take place. 