 Holiday CLEARANCE on all new and used vehicles. The sender of this email, identified in the From Name, is providing this offer on behalf of Auto-Price-Finder.com To unsubscribe from receiving further e-mails from this advertiser, click here . Auto-Price-Finder | Attn: 181 | 123 Felton Street | Marlboro, MA, 01752 Let me first say Welcome Bodica, I'm so glad that you posted. i've never really heard or have seen a post that so reminds me of my childhood years. It never has really dawned on me that there were other survivors out there, other than my own brothers and sister that is. I haven't talked to any of them for 15 years as the family blew apart, but I have fears from my own experiences, that they will be forever lost as to how any of it could have happened. There was plenty of physical abuse in our lives, but I gotta say that the strange things that you are describing that happened to us, i.e having to eat out of a dog bowl on the floor; sleep deprivation after being pulled out of bed by our hair and dragged to the kitchen to watch or to be beaten. The new homes and schools, every six months to a year. I cried when I read your story, and was reminded of my own. I was touched by Anniebrook's understanding that many of us must wait until we're emotionally ready to handle the illogical events of our past. I'm from Burlington, Ontario, so we're neighbours, and believe me I understand you when you talk about the problems in our health care system. I found a psychologist that i thought I would click with, and then went to get the referral from the family doctor. This may help you. Of course, trying a psychologist that is suggested by a doctor could work just as well. Make very sure that you're feeling the kind of "empathy" (Anniebrook's) that you know makes you feel completely comfortable. When I finally found someone he did a lot of talking as well as myself, and I just knew that this was no lax quack (i've had many of them). I also was part of a group called "Children of Alcoholics" that helped immensely. I don't know if your mom drank, it doesn't take a whole lot to set off a sick mind. In fact, my abuser only drank for my first two years and the abuse escalated without alcohol. So, I went to the group and it was a warm understanding group of people, that held group and then went out for coffee. I attended for a short while when it was convenient, but I know I would go back, and I would suggest that you consider looking for a similar group in Winnipeg. "Get through the parts where you break down and sob and can't read anymore, and you'll be on the path to healing." Thank you for this RockRose. When beginning therapy you will think that you are breaking down, but you're not breaking, you're healing. If you're like me, you will get back to not thinking about it as much as you are today, and when you do, you will shed a tear for that little girl, because someone should shed a tear for that little girl. I'm shedding many tears for the little girl that you were. You've probably heard of the treatment approach of "healing the child within"? In my opinion this is probably where you are headed. Please do not be fearful. You will work through these things. Thank God you have some family and you've managed not to destroy yourself with drugs and alcohol. You were given a gift in your early years, allowing you to hold onto normal memories. I don't know how it happens and I don't know why it happens, that these sick abusive people never come to the understanding and ask for forgiveness. Forgiveness is another thing that is big in therapy. Forgiving someone for your sake not for theirs, so that you don't obsess about them anymore. It remains to be seen whether you will obsess or not after some therapy. I personally never could forgive my abuser, it just cost me so damn much. So, I've gone on and on, I hope that you don't mind. I can honestly say I know how you feel. My advice is this, heal the child within. God Bless You Bodica. I hope that you choose to find a fine therapist. Keep looking until you do. You'll know when it's really right. Thank you for posting. Hugs. LIz Oops, one last tiny little thing. I believe that you will feel better immediately when you find the right therapist or are able to join a group for children of alcoholics or abuse, and that you will be able to leave the tears in group and therapy. I really think that it will help you to keep professional at work. By the way, Congratulations on becoming a Manager. It's so good to hear that you have done yourself proud!!!I found your faction (from AA) of the group I attended and found so much incredible, immediate, free - support. Please remember, you don't even know whether your mom was drinking a small amount or not, the alcohol use is not really discussed, only the action of the aggressor. Honestly, when my childhood came back to me like it is to you now, and I couldn't managed to stop crying, I HAD to go to this group. It was immediate relief for me when I had no money, living on the streets, to afford a therapist. I would have to say that this group help at least as much as the therapist. Think of it, a round circle filled with people learning to stop crying about the abuse by learning to talk about it. It's really quite a remarkable thing to see. Hope you join sister. If you wish to chit chat a bit via personal message, I would love that. I feel that you are a "kindred spirit". lol 