 Limited Time: Lock-in a 2.65% Fixed Rate, 3.01% APR - No Broker Fee! No SSN required theloan-depot.com If you wish to no longer receive email from TheLoan-Depot.com please Click Here or by writing to us at the following address: TheLoan-depot.com 423 S Pacific Coast Highway Suite 202 Redondo Beach, CA 90277 Thank you, TheLoan-Depot.com "...all my friends were allowed out this late..." If other parents were irresponsible that does not excuse the irresponsibility of your parents. For this reason I still maintain that your parent, not you, were at fault. If they had taken their responsibilities seriously you would not have been allowed out every night, at such an age, with or without a curfew. And your parents would have known where you were at all times, again, with or without a curfew. One of my sisters was as negligent as your parents, and both her daughters had problematic sexual lives. One of them also had a drug problem. If children were capable of caring for themselves they would not need parents. Don't feel my parents can take full blame for what happen even if i didn't meet up with him every night i would of defo still met him at the weekend when i was suppose to be staying at my friends house .... True they should have been a bit less allowing and trusting with me but they really were good parents and i strongly feel the need to defend them... Hope all turns out ok with your sisters girls but i don't think you should totally blame your sister for there mistakes like me I'm sure they knew what was right and wrong even by yours and your parents influence on there lives...I knew it was wrong of me to sneak out to a club drinking at 13yrs of age and i also knew it was wrong to lie to everyone, so even if my parents were harder on me i still would of found a way to do what i wanted to do and i learnt the lesson the hard way and don't agree with you blaming them it was my own fault and no-one else's .I never suggested parents were bad - just foolish. Nor is it my intention to turn you against them. As for my sister she was extraordinarily lazy and did not look after her girls. All teenagers do foolish things if they can get away with them. And, yes, they lie to be able to do those things. Hopefully a parent is wise enough to know that children are not perfect and proceed on that assumption. I'm sorry... But I agree with the other if your parents would've been more thoghtfull about what you were doing a at such a young age and out so late maby this would've never happend but there's no going back and suggest you do meet with him forgive so you can be forgiven by god !!!I can only tell you what I think from my experience and how I handled it. I am now in my 40s. I decided NO woulda, shoulda and coulda's. I was young and made some not so good choices and paid a huge price. I too met with my attacker. He felt awful for what happened and it haunted him also. I forgive but he will never be my friend. What happened happened and he apologized. I am grateful for that since so many people never get an apology but the hurt will always be. I decided a long time ago that I can let this ruin my life or I can learn from it, help others and teach my kids from a young age what not to do. I decided if I let him make my life sad and consuming he won. I couldn't let him win! I won! Goodluck! This is a personal decision but stop blaming yourself. You were a child. Love yourself for all the good decisions you have made since then and the people you can help through similar situations. I wish you the best! 