 Limited Time Only: Exclusive Discount Rate - Subscribe for just $12 for 12 Issues If you'd prefer not to receive future email from Bloomberg Businessweek in the future, simply visit our preference page. . If you need other assistance, please contact: Bloomberg Businessweek Customer Service Department P.O. Box 6203 Harlan, IA 51593-1703 Copyright 2011-2012 by Bloomberg L.P. All rights reserved Terms of Use/Privacy Notice . Sheila, You walked wide eyed into this after what you said. Finally after decades of research there has been a camera invented with such a fast shutter speed that a photograph can now be taken of a women with heir mouth closed. I can do some of the multi tasking you mentioned, but, need the grad kids to tune in the TV, I definitely can't drink a beer and fart at the same time, that can be a bit messy. I can with Snne's permission change the TV over as long as the soaps aren't showing. I can use a debit or credit card, but have difficulty remembering which PIN # goes with which card, LOl I can cook a turkey and managed to get all the veggies, stuffing, roast potatoes within a few minutes of each other. Brocolli was a total disaster, as it turned out like mush. However good old Annie really excelled, grand daugher only likes sweet corn, so Anne opened a tin in a rush, into the pan, turned the gas ring on,. I looked in and asked what are these, Sweetcorn Annie says, rubbish I replied they look like chick peas, total denial, what she did was forgot her glasses and bought a tin chick peas instead of corn. So Shiela we men are not the only ones. BarryBaz your too funny and handy to have around I might add- gotta learn a few secrets though- so you overcooked the broccoli-big deal cook it longer add some heavey cream and some cheese and tell them you decided to make a side of broccoli soup for something different. gladd you had a good time. congrats on pulling that offUPDATE on mom- called this morning and my brother answered (not the one that lives with her so that bothered me) he was just there monday to take her for bloodwork. He said they called her and she had to go get a transfusion today so hes taking her in. I can bet that is the main reason she was having that headache all month.-low blood. hopefully this will make her feel better and it wont be too much of a problem. fingers crossed well we had a little scare she didnt get home untill 8.00 this evening after her transfusion (which was early afternoon) I didnt find out untill 6 what was going on. I get scared fast. (panic mode )her BP shot up and they couldnt get it down for awhile- they gave her an injection of something-brought it down so everythings fine now. Thanksgiving will resume tomorrow we were going to put it off untill Sunday if she needed to stay. she wont really have to do anything we will all be there so she can rest. "whew!" once again all is well was praying for the whole forum today then I ended up lighting a candle for mom specific. hope everyone is feeling just a bit better or at least has something to be thankfull for.thanks Didee- yep its on again and mom seems much better- Barry-thanks for caring also...with her home I actually dont mind the fact of doing some more work: I cant tell you how much my stress level dropped after they said she could go home.smile:I'm sure I can speak for everyone(even though it repeat what all have said previously), Delighted, well more than delighted. I'm going to hey guys- we had a wonderfull Thanksgiving ! she did well. we took over- she bascally let us. she was feeling okay besides the depression and muscle cramping spasms . All in all we worked smoothly and it was delicious and enjoyable my SIL and both brothers pitched in to help. when we left her home all was cleaned up and put away- she didnt have to do anything except maybe put a few crackers away. I was really Thankfull for us all being together . she even let us take 1 picture. she ate well too! 