Dear Current Customer, We have found a new auto insurance plan for you. #S9E-3378111 - Click Here to see it. Click Here New laws passed, you might be eligible for auto insurance as low as $12 per month. (*Rate depending on individual plan. Not associated with the government.) WARNING -- PLEASE SEE THIS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE! ------ If you'd prefer not to receive future emails, Unsubscribe Here . 222 Third Street, Suite 2300, Cambridge, MA 02142 Thanks for sharing your experiences Dennis. I have my 3rd session of Folfox 6 on May 18th. My biggest problem has been nausea/vomiting. I have infusion on Fridays and usually am sick by Saturday afternoon. I throw up until Sunday and then I am extremely nauseated for several days after. It gets better each day. We are trying several anti-nausea medications. Hoping to find some that work.Wow this is amazing to see the varying methods of Chemo. I get min in an infusion on day 1, 8 and 21. About 3 hours a peice. I find the day after is the worst. I don't know if I could handle a "port" but your treatments seem to be a lot longer. Im fine with an IV for a few hours a week. I have good veins too (knock on wood) Good luck and I will be checking in periodically to see how you're doing!Hi Dennis, had my 2nd cycle on 10/5. Seems that the port may not be in the right position as it kept occluding so I had to sit there for 6 hours with my hands above my head. Was a bit worried that the bottle wouldn't empty but it did, however when they went to flush the port nothing happened until I put my hands up. I have just an XRay to check on the positioning. I feel OK, but very tired yesterday (probably because hectic mother's day as well) and a bit of a nauseous feeling last night, didn't sleep a wink as usual. Do they give you dexamethasone to take for 3 days to stop the nausea and help with appetite? Had my first tingling hands this time but not too bad I just put gloves on. Hope your weeks goes well. AnnaHi Anna, Does that mean that the tube from the port is pinched inside somehow? Hope they can work that out without too much trouble. There are so many individual complications with this process. I get 'Emend' to take for the 3 days of treatment ($400 retail for 3 pills, thank God for insurance), and then they gave me several other nausea pills to take as needed after that. So far haven't needed them very much, we will see how that goes as we progress. My appetite is still great - I eat all day long (I weigh 150), although chemo does seem to put a 'blah' taste in my mouth so I'm big on brushing my tongue and chewing gum and mints, etc. Got frequent 'gas' again this time round but nothing too serious, just frequent. Got a haircut yesterday and was thinking how nice it is to have hair to get cut - we will see how that goes too! Enjoy the day! 