 Check Local Rates While They Are Low Rates are Rising Slightly on Weekly Basis (December 10th, 2012) The cooperation between bankers and the Federal Government has given rise to opportunities that have not been seen in over sixty years. Take literally five minutes to see how many hundreds if not thousands you would knock off each month. View your Local Rates Please take advantage of this information before rates get too heigh again. Because they will. In a couple minutes we can tell you what you will slash off your current monthly cost. Use this link above and it will end communication both from the publisher and advertiser. Charter Structure Data Miners 26231 178-TH Ave North, Cordova, IL 61242 : You can write to us here also if you would like.     On Thursday, the Alaska State Museum in Juneau started displaying Alaska's long-lost moon rocks ? some of the rarest rocks on planet Earth ? for the first time since 1973, when they vanished following a museum fire. The rocks, collected on the Apollo XI mission in 1969, were presented to Alaska?s Gov. Keith Miller by President Nixon. Astronauts Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong gathered around 48.5 pounds of the rocks during the mission, the first geological samples of lunar rocks ever collected. NASA created identical plaques to present to every state, with a walnut base, angled face-plate and?dense, black moon rock fragments covered in plastic. Alaska's plaque has a state flag that?also traveled to the moon with Apollo XI. The plaque was on display at the Transportation Museum in Juneau until 1973, when an arsonist set fire to the building and the rocks vanished in the aftermath. The whereabouts of the moon rocks were unknown until 2010, when Coleman Anderson filed action against the state of Alaska ?seeking to be declared owner of the moon rocks, under the premise that the state had abandoned the property. Anderson was the foster child of a museum employee who, according to court testimony of a museum official, took the artifacts home for safe-keeping during clean-up, and left them in a storage facility; Anderson testified that he found the plaque in debris on the museum floor. Either way, his foster parent left the state, and Anderson gained sole possession of the rocks. When Anderson moved out of state, he took the plaque with him. It would be 37 years before he filed suit against the state for ownership. However, the Alaska Department of Law persuaded Anderson to drop the case, and two years later, on Sept. 27, 2012, the state again became custodians to the rocks. Bob Banghart, chief curator of the Alaska State Museums, told Alaska Dispatch that the plaque is "actually the property of the U.S. government," and the state of Alaska is acting as steward of the lunar rocks. The rocks will be on display through December. The museum will then pull the rocks from display and do some restoration work on the plaque, Banghart said. did anyone else notice the spelling error? :/ Good for her though! :))) ?Sea turtle strandings in Cape Cod Bay are so common that the phenomenon has its own annual season and an established network of rescuers trained to find and help the endangered animals. But the brisk rate at which the cold-stunned turtles are washing ashore this year has packed a local rescue hospital and threatens the regional strandings record. As of Saturday, 221 turtles had stranded on the Cape this fall. That exceeds the 50 to 200 range that typically are stranded in the season from October to December. It?s off pace to reach the record of 278 set in 1999, but the stranding season can sometimes last into January. During the last week, six tanks were filled with recovering turtles at the New England Aquarium?s Animal Care Center in Quincy, as were three more 1,000-gallon tanks aquarium officials trucked in to accommodate the overflow. The hospital was designed to handle 100 turtles, but they were overcapacity a few times last week, and the crush was so severe that more than two dozen were flown to Florida treatment centers by the U.S. Coast Guard to relieve the crowding. ??We?re pretty similar to a big city ER on a Saturday night,?? said aquarium spokesman Tony LaCasse. The stranded turtles are mostly the Kemp?s ridley species, but a few dozen of the larger loggerhead (33 stranded) and green species (21 stranded) are mixed in ? far more than normal, according to Bob Prescott, who directs the Mass Audubon?s turtle rescue efforts in Wellfleet. Strandings occur in spots along the Atlantic Coast, but no place else gets Cape Cod?s high yearly numbers, LaCasse said. ??We think it?s the only place in the world that has a mass stranding due to hypothermia on an annual basis,?? he said. The Cape?s unique geography is the culprit. The peninsula hooks like a flexed arm from the mainland and creates a three-sided trap for marine animals moving south along the coast. Beit Einun, Beit EinunOther?transcription(s)??Arabic ??Also spelledBeit 'Einun (official)Bayt 'AnunKhirbet Abu RishBayt Aynun (unofficial)Beit EinunLocation of Beit Einun within the Palestinian territoriesCoordinates: 313354N 350744E / 31.565N 35.1288E / 31.565; 35.1288Coordinates: 313354N 350744E / 31.565N 35.1288E / 31.565; 35.1288GovernorateHebronGovernment??TypeVillage CouncilPopulation (2007)??Jurisdiction1,809Beit Einun or Bayt 'Anun (Arabic:) is a Palestinian village in the Hebron Governorate, located five kilometers northeast of Hebron in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,809 inhabitants in 2007.Beit 'Einun is mentioned in the Waqf dedication given by the Islamic prophet Muhammad to Tamim al-Dari, a sahaba ("companion"). Many Muslim-built stone structures are located in the village. According to Al-Muqaddasi, Beit Einun was well known in the Middle East during the Abbasid era, for producing high-quality raisins named 'Aynuni after the village's name (Bayt Aynun). In the 1997 census by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), Beit Einun had 