 Aetna, Blue Shield, Anthem and United are now offering Affordable Health Insurance. Save 45% or More on Healthcare Save 45% or More on Healthcare Stem cell research? Some PL'ers seem opposed. We are talking about waste especially since both Mother Egg and Father Sperm agree in writing to donate excess to science. Seems like advances in science are put on hold whenever certain parties are in office. Dear, I'm much more familiar with human anatomy than you are, I assure you. You need to educate yourself. There is a reason why human gestation takes nine months, and there is a point at which no medical intervention will keep the fetus alive. You are wrong. Yes, pregnancy is blood and organ donation. I hate to break this to you, but babies are not really delivered by storks. The z/e/f is grown in the woman's uterus, and sustained by her organ systems. Yes, it is implied, just like the right to a fair trial, and our Miranda rights. Nowhere are those things specifically mentioned in the Constitution, and yet we do enjoy those rights. You are delusional if you are saying no one has a right to privacy in this country. Nonsense, of course I do. But I, unlike you, also know enough to know that it can only be pushed down so far. And, unlike you, I know that the reason it was set at that point is BECAUSE that was the point medical science agreed upon at the time. Considering the fact that OBs work very hard to make sure a pregnant woman gestates for as long as possible, knowing that too much intervention-even where it will sustain life-is not good for a newborn, I'd say that the medical professionals agree with that. Otherwise, there would have been no reason for my OB to stop my labor three different times at THIRTY-SIX WEEKS because my amnio showed fetal lungs that were too immature for respiration. Either you cannot read, or you are a liar. I didn't say it will never change. I said that it will only go so low, and then no lower. Medical science agrees. Right now, medically, and legally, it is set at 24 weeks. That is because a fetus born at that time has approximately a 54% chance of surviving to leave the hospital. At 22 weeks gestation, they only have a 7% chance. That is not to say, and I have pointed this out, that it is always the case, which is why viability is determined on a case by case basis. They also weigh the fact that the more intervention that is used, the more likely that the child will have lung problems later in life. As I said earlier, you need to educate yourself, and by actual medical/scientific sites. Either you cannot read, or you are a liar. I didn't say it will never change. I said that it will only go so low, and then no lower. Medical science agrees. Right now, medically, and legally, it is set at 24 weeks. That is because a fetus born at that time has approximately a 54% chance of surviving to leave the hospital. At 22 weeks gestation, they only have a 7% chance. That is not to say, and I have pointed this out, that it is always the case, which is why viability is determined on a case by case basis. They also weigh the fact that the more intervention that is used, the more likely that the child will have lung problems later in life. As I said earlier, you need to educate yourself, and by actual medical/scientific sites. You said you don't want to force people to do anything. The criminalization of abortion would force women to carry to term. Therefore, you think about should not be criminalized. It doesn't matter. The fetus still cannot be removed from the woman's body and allowed to grow by scientific means without her consent. For me, I'd much rather be pregnant for 9 months, so I wouldn't allow someone to remove the fetus from my uterus for any reason. SP, week 14? How are YOU doing??? Personal question, and please don't answer if you are not comfortable, but do think you will ever change your mind about being PC? That limelight seeker "Roe" is now vehemently PL for reasons that seem obvious, but still quite a coup for the PL group. I understand that force has many definitions, but I had thought the meaning was clear based on context. Also, I wasn't expecting a Clinton defense from you, but here is the definition of force within the context we are discussing: force- to compel, constrain, or oblige (oneself or someone) to do something By enacting laws that restrict a woman's right to choose whether or not to carry a pregnancy to term, those laws are compeling, i.e. forcing, them to carry to term. To answer your last question, yes. If even one woman wishes to have an abortion but can't because of the state law; then, she is being forced by said law to carry to term. As you said you don't want to force anyone, it would appear you are pro-choice. Unless, of course, we need to define "I", "don't", "want", "anyone", etc. Almost to week 14. I recorded the heartbeat last night. 160 bpm. It was so good to hear it. As for being PC, the farther along I get into the pregnancy, the more vehemently pro-choice I am. It is such a freedom, a privilege, and a right to be able to decide for myself--by and for no one else--whether to have this child. Being a parent is the most difficult and most rewarding thing in the world. If I was forced either way, I wouldn't be as capable as I am or as I will be when I am a parent. If someone forced me to carry this pregnancy to term, I'd hate both it and myself. I'd have resistance, animosity, and downright contempt if I ever felt forced into carrying to term or terminating the pregnancy. As for Norma, I mean, let's face it, she _lied_. I think she has more issues there than she lets on. Personally, I think Roe is bad law. It's horrendously weak and overall stupid. We don't need that law. Abortion stands on its own merit. We may have needed a "Roe" then, but we don't now. Although I haven't read every post, I think all of us have courage of conviction on this matter. I may disagree with your opinion. I may even find your comments offensive and myopic (in the sense that they lack tolerance and understanding), but I accept that you have the right to your opinion. As long as your opinion doesn't impede on other's rights, keep on talking. Also, I don't think anyone is taking shots behind your back. I think they're comments are right in your face. That's interesting, because one of the career choices I was considering long ago when I was studying human anatomy in art school was medical illustration. Pays moderately well at the upper end of the scale, but you'll never get rich, and it is excruciatingly boring. The metaphor of pregnancy as organ donation is absurd--or, as Aristotle would have said, frigid. Organ donation is an artificial, medical procedure. Two people can't lock themselves into a hotel room and donate organs. Especially if one of them is frigid. Never mind. I'm feeling kind of bad this morning, forgive me. I just ran over a lizard with my mountain bike. The poor thing. But they run right in front of you. Still, I should have been more careful. 