 Zagat Blog   The 10 Hottest Restaurants in the World: Where to Eat Right Now We've shown you the  hottest restaurants in the U.S . and the  toughest tables in the world , but what are the über-buzzy destination eateries that you must visit right this second? We've rounded up 10 can't-miss spots from Spain to Singapore that are perfect for any gastro-savvy holiday traveler (or just the straight-up restaurant-obsessed). Check them out below, and shout out your thoughts in the comments...   Continue reading... Which Top Chef -Run Restaurants Live Up to the Hype, 2013 Edition The battle in Seattle continues to rage on the current season of  Top Chef , but finding success on a reality show doesn't mean that you can deliver in a restaurant setting. Last year, we took a look at a slew of  Top Chef -helmed eateries to see which  lived up to the hype , and since then, Zagat surveyors have reviewed and rated a bunch of new haunts from your favorite television toques. Click through the slide show below to see which are actually worth the visit... Continue reading... 12 Best Noodle Shops in LA Whether they're for pho or ramen, or hand-cut thick for beef or black bean sauce, we Angelenos are fortunate to have noodle shops of every ilk. And with the proliferation of soupy, saucy spots this year -  especially ramen  - noodle lovers have even more places to slurp these days. Perfect for chilly nights or, in some cases, hot days, here are the top 12 noodle shops our surveyors voted as their favorites in the  2013 Los Angeles/So. California Restaurants guide. Did yours make the cut? Let us know in the comments! Continue reading... Creative Ways to Spice Up a Bloody Mary Still nursing a New Year's hangover? Our friends over at YumSugar share some tips on how to liven up your usual Bloody Mary recipe, sure to come in handy after two weeks of holiday boozing. Click through below to get the lowdown... Continue reading... Zagat Promotions ZAGAT STORE – New Year Sale, $5 off your order! New Year Sales: in January, enjoy $5 off your entire order with the code ZNY13. Order now Zagat, 76 Ninth Avenue, Fourth Floor, New York, NY 10011 Make sure you receive your Zagat Survey e-mails. Please add zagat@ml.zagat.com to your address book now. This e-mail was sent to: badboy@dispostable.com. When you registered on our site, you indicated that you would like to receive updates about openings, closings, events and more. You are currently opted in to receive our weekly Zagat Blog newsletter. If you no longer wish to receive these e-mails, unsubscribe here . Any updates to your e-mail messaging options made after December 31, 2012, were processed after this e-mail. Zagat Survey apologizes for any inconvenience. 