 Hello Eleonore! Thank you for registering on BidGunner.com! You login data: e-mail - jasmin@dispostable.com password: ttKUa8SQwlk To confirm email please click here   TIPS AND TRICKS Bidgunner.com is a penny auction web site that works differently than other online auction web sites. On Bidgunner.com, the person who bids last wins the item. Once the clock counts down below 10 seconds, every time a bid is placed, a few seconds are added to the time remaining. Before you bid, watch other auctions to learn how the site works and follow the tips below:  1) Bid in the final ten seconds . The action begins when the timer is about to hit zero. There is no reason to place bids before an item is about to close. Wait until the clock is in the final ten seconds and then begin bidding. Every bid placed adds time to the clock, so keep your finger on the trigger or use the bidbutler. 2) The Automated Bidder aka Bidbutler . Use your Bidbutler. Bidbutlers can be set to begin bidding automatically at a certain price with a set number of bids. They can bid either randomly or randomly in the final ten seconds of an auction. Bidbutlers do not automatically buy bids for you. Make sure you have enough bids for all of your auctions when setting the bidbutler.  3) Use Buy It Now. If you don't win an auction, the bids you used are worth 50 cents of credit each towards the retail price of the item. By purchasing the items you don't win, you can get the average cost of all of the items you get from Bidgunner well below gun shop prices. Our retail prices are the same as Budsgunshop.com cash price which you know to be some of the best deals in firearms anywhere. The bottom right of the auction page shows the buy it now price as the auction progresses. 4) Rookie Auctions. We appreciate you are new to Bidgunner.com! Start in rookie auctions. Bidgunner has rookie auctions, including guns, regularly. They are usually posted further in advance than other auctions so try the rookie auctions first while you watch the normal auctions and improve your penny auction strategy. 5) Gift Card Auctions . If your budget is limited, bid on gift cards. To win a gun in a regular auction will often require many bids. If you win five $50 gift cards, you're well on your way to having enough to buy a gun of your choice from Buds. If you have any other questions, take a look at our FAQ section and How It Works video here or e-mail   support@bidgunner.com .   Best regards, Bidgunner Team     