 Welceom to surat Diamond Dear, Thank you for your membership! Congratulations on becoming a member of our exclusive 'Diamond Club' @ Surat Diamonds, and we welcome you as our special guest and we promise to take care of all your diamond needs. 1 We are enclosing here your free gift voucher of Rs. 1200. Keep it with our compliments. You may use it on purchase of any diamond jewellery and get RS. 1200/- OFF. Please use the promotion code SDJ1200 while checking out . 2 It is valid for one time purchase only and will expire after 30 days. (This is not valid on certified diamonds) 3 Reserve your diamond jewellery today at this special price and celebrate your diamond club membership.   1. First preference on a sale at our store before we open it to the public. Special deals exclusive to our members     2. Certified Big Solitaires at wholesale prices directly from our factory.     3. Regular updates and educational emails on different aspects of gemstones like Rubies, Sapphires, and Emeralds. Also updates on the latest trends in jewelry. 4. Your one destination for 'Made to Order' jewelry.     5. Special mailers on how to buy diamonds wisely and save money     6. Along with Surat Diamond Points, you also earn points with our partner brands, Payback and Lufthansa-Miles & more, kingclub & Jetmiles when you make purchases. You may also use Payback points and Lufthansa’s Miles & More miles to redeem them against jewellery on our site     Welcome once again!!! Yours' truly, Rajiv Mehta   P.S: You must respond in 30 days to get your Rs.1200/- discount on any diamond jewelry. Follow us on: We give you 10 Reasons to shop with us 100% Money Back Guarantee Global Delivery 30 Days Return Policy Free Gift Packing Free Shipping In India   Life time warranty against manufacturing defects More than half amillion customers served India’s largest online certified diamond site In house designing and manufacturing Rich experience of 3 generations in diamond business   Partner Brands   Rings I Pendants I Earrings I Necklaces I Bangles I Bracelets What Our Customers Say About Us AAA + seller, the ring looks beautiful, will highly recommend to all buyer!-b16828 04 Jan,2011 Powered by: Surat Diamond, Vasant Vilas 31 Dr. D.D Sathye Marg, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400004, India You may unsubscribe or change your contact details at any time. 