 Largest ECN, Biggest Liquidity No Dealing Desk Execution Currency Investment with Capital Protection Option 100% Segregated Accounts with Swiss Private Banks Dear nasko nasko Thank you for your interest in Dukascopy Bank SA - your access to the most important Forex liquidity network in the world. Dukascopy offers the biggest one click liquidity supplied by a large number of liquidity providers. Clients of Dukascopy can buy/sell billions of dollars in one second without engaging in phone based currency dealing. Your 14 day Demo Trading Account has been activated. Account:  9383773.0201AUD Login:  DEMO2ivpGD Password:  ivpGD     To login directly to the trading system, please follow the link: http://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/english/forex/trading_login/marketplace_demo_login/ Dukascopy offers several types of Online Forex Trading Platforms: Java, JForex, Web, iPhone, iPad. The key features include: Real-time Rates Full Depth of the market Execution control (Slippage control) Real-time tick charts Fast order processing Independent position and order states monitoring Should you have any questions regarding Demo Account or Live Account, please do not hesitate to contact us: Kind regards, Dukascopy Bank SA Email:  info@dukascopy.com , Tel: +41 (0) 22 799 4888 Fax: +41 (0) 22 799 4880 or alternatively ask for a call-back here DISCLAIMER This message, and any attachments, are intended only for the addressee's use and may contain confidential, proprietary and/or privileged information that falls under a duty of non-disclosure. Any use by a party other than the addressee is prohibited. Instructions given in an electronic way are exposed to risks associated thereto including the failure of hardware and software, and the communications infrastructure (including, without limitation, the Internet). As a result of any system failure or other interruptions, instructions either may not be executed timely or may not be executed at all, or orders may not be placed or changed. Any and all mistakes, errors, interruptions or unavailability of the means of communication may lead to mistakes, errors, interruptions or unavailability of trading. Dukascopy does not warrant ability to maintain a continuous and uninterrupted link with the Internet and shall have no liability for any such failure, for damages resulting from the use of electronic means of communication, including, but not limited to damages resulting from any failure of hardware or software, system downtime or communications interruption, failure or delay in delivery of electronic communications, interception or manipulation of electronic communications by third parties or by computer programs used for electronic communications and transmission of viruses and other malicious code. Dukascopy will endeavor to execute instructions received only during regular office business opening hours and within reasonable delays and shall have no liability associated with delays related to late reception of instructions or instructions received outside opening office hours. Dukascopy shall have no liability for any claims, losses, damages, costs or expenses, including attorneys' fees, to any Client or any Person arising from such delays. For trading issues and placing / modifications of orders please contact the Clients' Live trading Support (24h) on the following numbers: +41 (0) 22 799 48 38 or +41 (0) 22 799 48 48 