 amaysim service             Hey Lee, amaysim number: 0412365500         Thanks for joining amaysim, your mobile number is 0412365500. We renew amaysim UNLIMITED every 30 days, so you’ll need to have at least $39.90 in your account balance when we try to renew it. But don’t worry, we’ll even send you a text to remind you to put money in your account to pay for it. If you don’t happen to have enough money, that’s okay, you’ll just switch to amaysim AS YOU GO , where you only pay for what you use. Don’t forget, some additional like international calling and messaging don't come with amaysim UNLIMITED and cost a little extra. We recommend adding some extra credit just in case you'd like to use any of these services. You can grab an AS YOU GO voucher at one of 14,000 retail outlets - all Australia wide. Now that you're signed up, here's some handy hints you may want to check out: How to setup mobile internet How to recharge My amaysim - your online account Online Help & Support Find out more how to make the best out of your mobile service with our amaysim Guides (as PDF downloads). Did you know? You can download our free iPhone and Android apps from the iTunes and Android marketplace. That way you can access My amaysim anytime, anywhere! For full details about our products please see our Critical Information Summaries . Thanks for choosing us. Enjoy! All the best, Your amaysim Team         Text "Opt in" to 568 and never miss out on the latest news, competitions & customer offers     Standard form of agreement (SFOA) summary: A summary of the SFOA which applies to the services we supply you at amaysim and how you use them can be found here . Premium Services: At amaysim we aim to help you keep your costs low. It's important you're aware of Premium Services as these services can cost a little extra. If you'd like to bar all access to Premium Services just email us at service@amaysim.com.au and we'll arrange it for you.     amaysim Australia Pty. Ltd. P.O. Box R567 Royal Exchange NSW 1225 ABN: 65 143 613478 