 Winter Relaxation Products on SALE! Winter Products for your next promotion! Is this email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser . Heat up your brand! With Winter settling in, it's time to order your Winter Related Promotional Products! Vivid Promotions has a great range of Winter Warmers such as Warm Wheat Eye Pillows and Gel Eye Masks that can be heated! Decorate these merchandise items with your logo, business details or winter message at an economical price. Presented in various colours to match your corporate branding, Vivid Promotions' Embroidered Wheat Packs and Soothing Gel Eye Masks are must have Promotional Products for any event. Promote relaxation, well-being and keeping warm during the cooler months. SALE ends 4th July 2013  100 pcs @ $24.49 ea   250 pcs @ $15.69 ea   500 pcs @ $10.11 ea Corduroy Wheat Eye Pillow : Vivid Promotions' Australian Made Wheat Heat Pillows are a great promotional product for your winter events! Keep warm with these Embroidered Wheat Pillows in the custom colour of your choice. Match your corporate colours and ensure your brand stands out in a crowd. On SALE for a limited time only so place your order today!  150 pcs @ $3.55 ea   250 pcs @ $3.26 ea   500 pcs @ $2.97 ea Soothing Gel Eye Mask : Available in Blue and Pink, this Printed Gel Eye Mask can be heated or chilled to suit your needs! Decorate with a pad printed logo at a great price! On SALE until 4th of July, the Branded Gel Eye Mask is a great product for your Winter promotions and heath related campaigns. Take advantage of our great discount and place your order now!  Relaxation and Well-being Products Along with our great Relaxation Winter SALE products, Vivid Promotions also has a wide range of relaxation, health related and well-being Promotional Products to suit your needs! Promotional Massage Oil , Scented Soy Wax Candles , Branded Bath Salts , Aromatherapy Lotions , Printed Bath and Spa Gift Packs and Personal Massager's  are included in our catalogue at great prices all year round! With Vivid Promotions' wide variety of Promotional Products on offer, we're sure to have the perfect one for your next campaign! Contact our sales team today to discuss your event theme, target market and budget!   IMPORTANT NOTE: Discounted pricing does not include 10% GST, set up charges or delivery charges. **SALE ENDS 4th of July 2013**   follow on Twitter | friend on Facebook | forward to a friend   Copyright © 2013 Vivid Promos, All rights reserved. You've received this newsletter because you subscribed to our mailing list, or submitted a quote request on Vivid Promotions. Our mailing address is: Vivid Promos PO Box 1483 Noosaville BC , QLD 4566 Australia Add us to your address book   unsubscribe from this list | update subscription preferences   