 Want to shed the unwanted lbs without all the pain, visit us to read more. http://www.axeeast.com/naturesfruit/index.htm                                 If you'd like our announcements to cease, please visit here or write. Data-Street Venture Caps 914 13th Street Eudora KS 66025 And the year 2012 was one of the busiest for Gandolfini, co-starring in the Brad Pitt thriller "Killing Them Softly." He had a role in the 2012 drama, "Not Fade Away," a film set in suburban New Jersey the 1960s that follows a group of friends who form a rock band. The New Jersey native was also seen in the "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone," with Steve Carell and Jim Carrey, as well as in 2012's "Zero Dark Thirty," portraying a C.I.A. director, alongside actress Jessica Chastain. Gandolfini recently wrapped filming Fox Searchlight Pictures' crime drama "Animal Rescue" with Tom Hardy, which is due out in 2014. Also on the docket was a role in an upcoming comedy from director Nicole Holofcener, starring Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Catherine Keener. He was poised to make a return to HBO in a limited series called "Criminal Justice." According to The Hollywood Reporter, Gandolfini was cast as criminal defense attorney in the U.S. adaptation of Peter Moffat's BBC crime series. A representative for HBO said it's unclear what will come of the series. And earlier this month, Deadline reported that CBS had "given a script commitment" to "Taxi-22," an American version of the hit French Canadian single-camera comedy; Gandolfini was expected to executive produce the project. His fellow producer, Clark Peterson, released the following statement: "We are devastated. He was a great man and a unique embodiment of creativity, humanity, and humility. I can confirm that the development of 'Taxi-22' will continue, but we'll always be flying in the missing-man formation." News of Taylor-Johnson's appointment came from the British author who became the publishing sensation of 2012 when her trilogy sold more than 70 mil copies. "I'm delighted & thrilled to let you guys know that Sam Taylor-Johnson has agreed to direct the film of Fifty Shades of Grey," tweeted James. Taylor-Johnson, 46, made her name as a visual artist, nominated for the prestigious Turner prize in 1998 and whose works include a video portrait of a sleeping David Beckham that is on show in London's National Portrait Gallery. She came to prominence in the film world with her 2009 feature debut "Nowhere Boy", the story of John Lennon's childhood in Liverpool before he joined the Beatles. She garnered two BAFTA nominations for the film and last year Taylor-Johnson, formerly known as Sam Taylor-Wood, married the 23-year-old star of the film, star Aaron Johnson. Taylor-Johnson said she was excited to be charged with the evolution of "Fifty Shades of Grey" from page to screen. "For the legions of fans, I want to say that I will honor the power of Erika's book and the characters of Christian and Anastasia. They are under my skin too," she said in a statement. The trilogy follows the sadomasochistic relationship of a 27-year-old, Christian Grey, and college student Anastasia Steele, gaining attention for its graphic sex scenes. Universal Pictures, a unit of Comcast Corp, paid to secure the film rights for the trilogy in March last year. No actors have yet been announced for the film although a host of names have been suggested for the lead roles. 