------------------------------------------------- Credit Bureau Report Action Suggested: Check all 3 scores today ------------------------------------------------- You are entitled to an annual credit report once a year. It is recommended that you know your current score. [Report ID: 45372590554-SC] Continue to your report: http://www.koaray.com/score/your-report.html Kind Regards, Annual Score Check Team Please use the following information to updated your email preferences. NNG Date Team http://www.koaray.com/score/lit/index.html 1389 Jasper Dr, Ambler, Pennsylvania, One.Nine.Zero.Zero.Two Or a request can be made at that address as well as inquiries, all will be honored immediately. something. [on the 'Sopranos' project] I read it. I liked it. I thought it was good. But I thought they would have to hire some good-looking guy, not George Clooney but some Italian George Clooney, and that would be that. But they called me and they said can I meet David [Chase] for breakfast at nine a.m. At the time I was younger and I stayed out late a lot, and I was like, 'Oh, for fuck's sake. This guy wants to eat breakfast? This guy's going to be a pain in the ass. I think you cared about Tony because David was smart enough th write the Greek chorus through Dr. Melfi. So you sat there and you got to see his motives, what he was thinking, what he was trying to do, what he was trying to fix, what he was trying to become. And then you saw it didn't really work out the way he wanted it to. If you took the Melfi scenes away, you wouldn't care about this man as much, or care about anything that was happening to him. We'd get accused, back then, of glamorizing mobsters, but we were all half miserable you know. I don't think the violence looks appealing at all. Everybody paid for it in a lot of ways. I heard sometimes that we were making cute, cuddly mobsters, but i know for a fact that David wrote an incredibly violent episode - the one where there's a stripper that Ralph Cifaretto beats to death - and I think that was written as a reaction to that. It's a very violent world and, you know, there's consequences. I think we showed it, and I think we showed the toll it takes on people. 