Hope you're having a great morning, jkf@dispostable.com We've got great news to make it even better! Due to your recent good standing and on-time payments, your credit rating is now higher. You can access your annual report (everyone gets one at no cost) here: http://ma2.oakernunky.com/5768cbd78bb77e7b31291161e04e45ca81e234 Start a brand new life with ways to get lower prices, lower rates and much more. Verify the accuracy of your report at no expense to you here: http://ma2.oakernunky.com/5768cbd78bb77e7b31291261e04e45ca81e234 Make sure to check your annual report today, Joel ThinkCreditReports Your not oblijed to get these. Please see this to change stuff: http://ma2.oakernunky.com/5768cbd78bb77e7b31291361e04e45ca81e234 Canadian Family PhysicianLe Mdecin de famille canadieneRecherche Exclusivement sur le webLien entre le dpistage du cancer du col et la mammographie et le sexe du mdecin de premire ligneRsumDaniel InceCushmanMD CCFPJos A. CorreaPhDJennifer Shuldiner . . . .Percentages might not add to owing to missing data.Vol . january janVier CanadianFamilyPhysicianLeMdecindefamillecanadieneResearch Exercise behaviour and attitudes among fourthyear medical students at the UBCperceiving exercise prescription to be highly relevant . bouts of strenuous exercise SE . and those perceiving it to be somewhat relevant . bouts of strenuous exercise SE . and not at all relevant . bouts of strenuous exercise SE .. Additionally, there was a significant P . difference in minutes of strenuous exercise per week between students perceiving exercise counseling to be highly relevant . minutes SE . minutes and those perceiving it to be somewhat or not at all relevant . minutes SE . minutes. counseling was more likely among American medical students complying with CDC PA recommendations. We demonstrated significant differences in strenuous exercise minutes per week between students perceiving exercise counseling to be highly relevant and those perceiving it to be somewhat or not at all relevant P . and a trend toward a significant linear relationship between Godin exercise scores and perceived relevance of exercise counseling to clinical practice. Our results also demonstrate that UBC medical students with higher PA levels recognize that their current lifestyle habits will influence future counseling practices. Specifically, those with higher PA levels agreed with the statements that they would be able to provide better counseling if they adhered to a healthy lifestyle, exercised and stayed fit, ate a healthy diet, and maintained a healthy weight. These data also agree with previous findings by Frank et al, which showed that US medical students who met CDC PA recommendations were more likely to acknowledge that physician PA levels influenced patient PA levels. It has been clearly established that physically active physicians are more likely to counsel their patients on exercise both in the United States and in Canada. Frank et al also extended these findings to medical students, when they found that PA levels were positively related to the frequency of actual PA counseling among third and fourthyear US medical students. Our sample did not follow the same pattern, which might be related to the amount of training or exposure the fourthyear UBC students had had in this area, or it could be owing to the surveys limitation of a relatively small sample size. In addition, our conclusions might be limited by the questionnaires response rate of fourthyear medical students at UBC chose to participate in this study. Because participation was voluntary and the study was conducted after morning lectures, we can only speculate on the reasons for this response rate they might include poor attendance at lectures or refusal by students to complete the questionnaire owing to the large number of surveys UBC medical students are exposed to. Moreover, selfreport surveys of this nature might also introduce a socialdesirability bias that investigators must acknowledge. It has been previously demonstrated that clinicians overreport their adherence to practice guidelines, but in a study it was found that social desirability had minimal influence on selfreported PA levels evaluated by the Godin LeisureTime Exercise Questionnaire. Most important, our study demonstrates a discrepancy between the perceived relevance of exercise prescription, and the perceived amount of training students have in talking to patients about exercise. Despite . of our sample placing a high value on exercise counseling, only . rated their training to provide suchAssociations between participants perceptions and healthy habitsLinear regression analysis demonstrated significant relationships between individuals reported PA levels and their perceptions around lifestyle counseling as future physicians Table . Setting and Modification of FeesThe tripartite Medical Services Commission MSC manages the Medical Services Plan MSP on behalf of the Government of British Columbia in accordance with the Medicare Protection Act and Regulations. The MSC is the body that has the statutory authority to set the fees that are payable for insured medical services provided to beneficiaries enrolled with the Medical Services Plan MSP. The MSC Payment Schedule is the official list of fees for which insured services are paid by MSP. The BC Medical Association BCMA maintains and publishes the BCMA Guide to Fees. The Guide mirrors the MSC Payment Schedule, with some exceptions including recommended private fees for uninsured services. The process for additions, deletions or other changes to the MSC Payment Schedule, are made in accordance with the Master Agreement. Medical practitioners who wish to have modifications to the MSC Payment Schedule considered should submit their proposals to the BCMA Tariff Committee through the appropriate Section. The Government and the BCMA have agreed to consult with each other prior to submitting a recommendation to the MSC. If both parties agree, in writing, to a revision, MSC will adopt the recommendation as part of the MSC Payment Schedule as long as the service is medically necessary and consistent with the requirements of the Medicare Protection Act and Regulations and it agrees with the estimated projected cost that will result from the revision. In the case where there is no agreement between Government and the BCMA, both parties may make a separate recommendation to the MSC and the MSC will determine the changes, if any, to the MSC Payment Schedule. Usually, the earliest retroactive effective date that may be established for a new or interim fee code, is April st of the current fiscal year. For services not list listed in the MSC Payment Schedule, please refer to the following sections C. . C. .C. .Services Not Listed in the ScheduleServices not listed in the MSC Payment Schedule must not be billed to MSP under other listings. These services should be billed under the appropriate miscellaneous fee as described in section C. . On recommendation of the BCMA Tariff Committee and agreed to by Government, interim listings may be designated by the MSC for new procedures or other services for a limited period of time to allow definitive listings to be established. Medical Services Commission April Preamble However, prior to establishment of a new or interim fee code, an individual or the section may request special consideration to bill for a medically required service not currently listed by following the procedure under Miscellaneous Services C. ..C. .Miscellaneous ServicesThis section relates to services not listed in the MSC Payment Schedule that are. new medically necessary services generally considered to be accepted standards of care in the medical community currently and not considered experimental in nature unusually complex procedures, for established but infrequently performed procedures for unlisted team procedures, or for any medically required service for which the medical practitioner desires independent consideration to be given by MSPClaims under a miscellaneous fee code will be accepted for adjudication only if the following criteria are fulfilled. MSP is currently processing claims on behalf of WorkSafeBC as its agent. The BCMA and WorkSafeBC agree that MSP Teleplan is the only acceptable manner of billing WorkSafeBC for services billable through MSP.C. .BC Transplant SocietyWith the exception of medical practitioners paid by the BC Transplant Society under an alternate payment plan, all medical practitioner services associated with cadaveric organ recovery organ donation are payable on a feeforservice basis through the MSP. For the purpose of payment of these services, the donors PHN will remain valid after legal brain death until such time as the donors organs have been successfully harvested. A note record should accompany the account stating organ donor.PreambleMedical Services Commission April D.TYPES OF SERVICESIndex to Types of Services D. . Telehealth Services D. . Consultation D. . . D. . . D. . . D. . . D. . . D. . . D. . General Restrictions Limited Consultation Special Consultation Continuing Care by Consultant Referral and Transferral Visits and Examinations D. . . D. . . D. . . D. . . Complete Examination Partial Examination Counselling Group Counselling 