 June 21, 2013 Subscribe · Forward Bill O'Reilly Announces Support For Senate Immigration Bill Senators gained on Thursday what they clearly see as a crucial new ally in their quest to pass an immigration measure: Bill O'Reilly. The Fox News host announced that, after the completion of a new Senate deal on border security, he was in favor of the bill's passage.  Continue reading... FBI Speaks About Michael Hastings 'Today' Hosts Are NOT Happy With Paula Deen WATCH: Shep Smith Flips Out Howard Kurtz Joining Fox News Matt Lauer Lashes Out Michael Hastings' Body Identified Guardian ‘Very Disappointed' By Sen. McCaskill's Criticism PHOTO: New York Times Makes Mortifying Error Michael Hastings' Widow DESTROYS Geraldo Michael Hastings' Body Identified Erin Burnett Is Pregnant CHEZ PAZIENZA Advice for The Newsroom : You Want BS? Talk to a General. You Want Reality? Talk to a Grunt When half the people consulting on your show about how a newsroom operates -- a show that's called The Newsroom -- now lead lives that often involve working half-days and being ushered to and from work in free town cars, realism is going to suffer.  Continue reading... ROBERT L. BOROSAGE Economy Recovering, But the People Aren't Corporate profits are up, but wages aren't. Wages are now at the lowest percent of the economy on record. The median wage hasn't budged this century. College and non-college grads are now losing ground. The good jobs that were lost are being replaced by low wage and part-time jobs. Young people are starting out behind, unemployed or underemployed at ruinous high rates. Our Gilded Age inequality is getting worse, with the top 1 percent pocketing all of the rewards of growth. We need dramatic reforms to make this economy work for working people. Americans won't recover without a dramatic change in course. And that will require the Republicans who control the Congress to get out of the way and the Democrats who control the Senate to get better vision and stronger backbones.  Continue reading... CHRISTOPHER HAYES My Tribute to Michael Hastings The 33-year-old reporter and author died early Tuesday morning in a car wreck -- a brutal, tragic loss that has robbed the world of an exemplary journalist, and singularly talented writer. He wrote detailed, diligent, riveting reportorial prose and he was also kind, generous, charming and earnest.  Continue reading.... ERIC BOEHLERT The Truth About Chicago's Falling Murder Rate There's been surprisingly little media discussion about whether Chicago's strict gun laws, routinely ridiculed by the right-wing, might actually be working. While it's difficult to determine why crime rises and falls, to blame a policy when rates rise and ignore it when they drop doesn't make sense.  Continue reading.... NORMAN SOLOMON Thomas Friedman Claims It's 'Stupid and Obnoxious' to Say He Was a Cheerleader for the Iraq War Well, that's Thomas Friedman -- in sync with a downward spiral of fear, threats and perpetual war -- explaining why we've got to jettison some of our civil liberties to try to avoid losing more later on.  Continue reading... Received this from a friend? Sign up for alerts from The Huffington Post here . Unsubscribe here . Huffington Post, 770 Broadway, New York, NY 10003 