 Having trouble viewing this email? Click here Dear Rodger,   If you want to make money as a trader, time is of the essence.   The Fed now thinks they might ease up on their money-printing scheme sometime next year.    Well, look out if they do, because the boatload of paper money flooding the economy may be the only thing propping it up.   Some analysts believe we're moving into a new era of volatility... and I definitely agree.   Legendary investor Jim Rogers also says the U.S. economy is poised for a major crash. He could be right, as he's been right before. Government debt is threatening to bankrupt countries like Italy, Portugal and Spain...  and the U.S. may not be far behind.  The recent situation in Cyprus was a major wake-up call and who knows... perhaps a test by the Central Banks to see what they can get away with.   So... is this your wake-up call?     If you want to capitalize on market volatility and make real money as a trader, you're in the right place at the right time.   Quite frankly, I don't care which way things to, because I'm going to make money whether the trend is up, down or if things go sideways for awhile.   I've averaged 85.7% ROI over the last 8 years but get this...   In the last 10 months, my ROI has been 255.45%!   This may be the best time to trade the Forex... as long as you know what you're doing.   Do you want in on the action?   I've just posted a video that provides you all the details including...   How you can legally copy my winning trades week after week 3 game-changing factors that may determine if you succeed as a trader How to rake in sizable profits with this breakthrough signals platform Listen, I'm a realist.  Even though there are storms clouds on the horizon, it's certainly possible the economy could skate along for a few more years without crashing. But given all that's going one, is that a risk you want to take?   I created The Currency Signals Club to you the opportunity to piggy back on my winning trades... and to help you make money right now.  You can learn while you earn.   Go now and watch the video... and then decide if membership is for you.     You deserve this opportunity.   Click here to secure your financial future   Helping you retire rich, Cecil P.S.  I'm doing something I may never do again, which is to practically give away my winning trades strategies and secrets.  Don't miss this one.   Click here to secure your financial future             DISCLAIMER: (For a full disclaimer please CLICK HERE ) Futures, Forex, stock, and options trading is not appropriate for all traders. There is a substantial risk of loss associated with trading these markets. Losses can and will occur. No system or methodology has ever been developed that can ensure returns or against losses. No representation or implication is being made that using any of these methodologies or systems will generate returns or ensure against losses. Testimonial Disclaimer * Testimonials appearing in this email are actually received via text, audio or video submission. They are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences of those who have used our products and/or services in some way or other. However, they are individual results and results do vary. We do not claim that they are typical results that consumers will generally achieve. The testimonials are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use our products and/or services. * The testimonials displayed (text, audio and/or video) are given verbatim except for correction of grammatical or typing errors. Some have been shortened meaning; not the whole message received by the testimony writer is displayed, when it seemed lengthy or not the whole testimonial seemed relevant for the general public. * Ethostraders inc. is not responsible for any of the opinions or comments posted to our site. Ethostraders Inc. is not a forum for testimonials, however provides testimonials as a means for customers to share their experiences with one another. To prevent against abuse, all testimonials appear after they have been reviewed by management of Ethostraders Inc. Ethostraders Inc. does not share the opinions, views or commentary of any testimonials on this site, and are strictly the views of the reviewer. If you no longer wish to receive our emails, click the link below: Unsubscribe EthosTraders, Inc 9323 N. Government Suite 214 Hayden, Idaho 83835 United States 