 Dear Step, I hope you are excited as I am about the possibilities of helping to heal yourself and others with Spring Forest Qigong. If you haven't ordered the course, please do today, because the price will increase at 10:00 a.m. US Central Time on Monday. This is a powerful mind-body energy tool that absolutely anyone can learn to use to help heal themselves . It combines controlled breathing, focused concentration, and simple movement into a healing system that over 250,000 have used. Here are just a few of the many benefits of Spring Forest Qigong: Greater cardiovascular health Improved metabolism Sex hormone levels balanced Bone density increased Outlook improved in cancer patients Aging process slowed Joints lubricated for pain-free movements Nervous system soothes for feelings of contentment So much can happen when you practice Spring Forest Qigong. The course comes with a 6-month satisfaction guarantee so it gives you plenty of time to prove for yourself how much better you will feel, how much more energy you will enjoy, and how happier you’ll be. Plus you also get two free gifts ($138 value!) when you order today: * One month of free Weekly Group Phone Healing sessions with Chunyi Lin    ($118 value!) * The Inner Beauty Meditation Music CD ($20 value!) You can order the course right now through the upgrade center for four payments of $26. To order, please visit: www.LearningStrategies.com/SpringForestHealingfest/Upgrade Or call us toll free at 1-866-292-1861. When you get the course, feel free to call us toll-free with any questions. We are happy to support you in any way we can. If you would like more information, please continue reading below. Sincerely, Pete Bissonette Spring Forest Healingfest Director P.S. – Here is the email we sent you last week about the course: Sale ends Monday – there is still time to get your own set of the recordings Dear Step, We hope you received great benefit from the Spring Forest Healingfest. And, yes, there is still time for you to upgrade to receive your own copy of Chunyi Lin's self-study course. It is available here on sale at our upgrade center. As you know, you can use your mind to help heal your body. You were born a healer. You possess the innate ability to help heal your own sickness and disease—and to help heal your loved ones—using nothing more than your own natural energy. In fact, 250,000 people, just like you, have learned to apply an amazing and easy-to-learn healing technique called Spring Forest Qigong to help heal diseases such as cancer, fibromyalgia and diabetes, relieve chronic and acute migraines, ease depression and anxiety, and alleviate allergies. I know, because I'm one of those people. I was so impressed when I learned the power of this healing technique that I asked Master Chunyi Lin, who developed it, if we could create a program for people like you and me to use at home. We called it the Spring Forest Qigong personal learning course which we streamed during the Spring Forest Healingfest , and we'd like to offer you the opportunity to try it at home, RISK-Free, for up to six full months. I have used Spring Forest Qigong to completely ease my own pain and stiffness in just THREE MINUTES. Even more gratifying, I have used this healing process on a couple of dozen family members and friends to help relieve their sore muscles, intense pain, cancer, sinus problems, headaches, cuts, cramps, arthritis, bone spurs, and diabetes. If I can do it, I know you can, too! The power of Qigong can astonish you Qigong (pronounced chee-gong) has been around for over 5,000 years and is actually the grandfather of Chinese medicine, including Tai-Chi, acupuncture, and Shiatsu. It works with your body's energy, or "Qi." According to Chinese medicine, when your "Qi" isn't flowing freely, you can get sick, stressed, or emotionally out of kilter . Disease, pain, and negative emotional conditions are symptoms of blocked energy. That's why Master Lin says, "Sickness is nothing to fear." Qigong is a way to gently and thoroughly release nearly all energy blocks and eliminate most causes of illness and imbalances. Dr. Wang Chong Xing from the Shanghai Institute of Hypertension said in a PBS documentary that after 30 years of study, "We think Qigong can cure every kind of disease , some responding better than others." The wonderful thing about Master Lin's healing process is that anyone can easily learn to do it—including you! In the past, Qigong was taught in secret and usually required years of study. Master Lin studied year after year under the guidance of some of China's most revered masters in the most remote regions of the country. Through his years of study and practice, Master Lin discovered a startling and profound truth: "The most powerful is also the simplest." He realized that the most powerful aspects of Qigong could be contained within a few precise movements and meditations. Inspired by his great love for mankind, Master Lin did what no Master at his level had ever done. He stripped away the mystique, confusion, and drama surrounding Qigong. He distilled the practice down to a program that uses a simple combination of breathing, focused concentration, mental exercise and gentle movements. Best-selling author Deepak Chopra, M.D., endorses Spring Forest Qigong "Like Yoga, Qigong teaches you to balance energy in your body," said Dr. Chopra. "Master Chunyi Lin has developed an easy-to-follow program that will allow you to incorporate the health benefits of Qigong into your daily life." Spring Forest Qigong is so easy it can be done standing up, sitting down, or even lying down. You can even do it while you sleep. In fact, you'll likely start having more restful sleep. Best of all, it doesn't wear you out like strenuous exercises. In fact, Spring Forest Qigong provides a sense of alert calmness and instant energy. Like most people I know, you probably lead a very busy life. So you'll appreciate the extra energy you'll get from Qigong. You can begin by practicing just five minutes a day. Thirty minutes a day is better, and you'll probably want to increase your practice as you experience the benefits. People who practice Spring Forest Qigong often report actually needing less sleep overall. Just think, you could have even more time to spend with your family and friends, pursue your career, enjoy your favorite interests --or practice more Qigong! For years we've found this healing practice so helpful and effective we've invited our coworkers at Learning Strategies to sessions in the office every single weekday at 11:30 a.m. (You can join us too whenever you are in the area.) Here's how Spring Forest Qigong helped some of my coworkers: * Paul Scheele, our company cofounder, discovered that practicing the simple movements helped keep his blood sugar and energy levels balanced throughout the day. * Bill Erickson felt his nagging backache vanish in 10 SECONDS. * Kristi Wraspir's digestive issues healed and she no longer experiences chronic anxiety. * Dana Hanson's knee pain was completely gone in SECONDS. * Lynn Daniels was amazed when her horrible headache, body aches, and stomach cramps disappeared within 5-10 minutes. * Lynette Ayres got rid of the painful arthritis in her feet. But we're not alone. Esther Trejo of St. Paul suffered from a rare lung disease. She was on oxygen 24 hours a day. After more than 6 years, doctors in St. Paul and at the Mayo Clinic said her only hope was a lung transplant. Instead, she learned Master Lin's simple healing process and avoided surgery. Within eight weeks she was off oxygen completely and has been free of medication for over ten years . And she's not just healthier, she's happier too. "I am no longer a crabby S.O.B.!" she laughed. Corinne Vahle of Minneapolis said she felt hungry all the time until she started practicing Qigong. "I weighed up to 210 pounds at 5'7" in 1997. I began losing weight as a result of practicing Qigong. I now weigh 152 pounds, dropping from a size 18/20 jeans down to size 12!" Until she began practicing Spring Forest Qigong, Corinne felt physically hungry all of the time. "I felt a hole in my stomach that would never fill up. The energy fills me up. I feel more balanced and healthy, and I see more clearly my responsibility for my own happiness." Wayne Kassera, of Stillwater, Minnesota, had a heart attack in 1998. Doctors found blockages in five vessels leading to the lungs from the back of the heart. Two were cleared by angioplasty, one had a stent inserted, but the remaining two vessels were too blocked to treat. Wayne heard about Master Lin and immediately enrolled in the class that is the basis for the Spring Forest Qigong Personal Learning Course. He also met Master Lin three times. "The two vessels are now 85% clear!" he says. Of course, Qigong should not be considered a replacement for any medical treatment, but it can be used as a complementary practice for your health and being. Here's what doctors have said... "I would place Qigong equal in importance to the incredible discoveries in the forties called antibiotics and in the fifties called immunizations." – Bill Manahan, M.D. Assistant Professor of Family Practice and Community Health, University of Minnesota Medical School "Mr. Lin's practice of traditional Chinese medicine, known as Qigong, is exemplary. His respect and straight-forwardness with patients uphold the highest medical ethics. His outcomes treating respiratory disease and cancer I have observed to be quite remarkable." – Bart Main, M.D. Chief of Psychiatry, Human Services, Washington County, Minnesota "As both the president of the International Institute of Chinese Medicine and as a Qigong Master myself, I am well-versed in the area of Chinese Medicine, and more specifically, with the Qigong community. It is without reservation that I say that Master Lin is at the top of his field among Qigong Masters in the U.S." – Michael Zeng, M.D. President of the Institute of Chinese Medicine, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and a Commissioner of the National Certification for Acupuncturists and Oriental Medicine Master Chunyi Lin has dedicated his life to his mission of "a healer in every family and a world without pain." After witnessing what some may call "miracle" healing, I once asked him, "Were you born with these powers?" He smiled at me, nodded, and said, "Yes. And so were you." Learn to use your own natural healing energy with this No-Risk Guarantee We were all born with this innate ability. But you really have to experience it for yourself to believe it. That's why I invite you to try Master Lin's Spring Forest Qigong personal learning course for up to 6 months before you make a decision. If you're not completely satisfied, you may return it anytime within six months for a full refund of the program price. Your course includes: * Master Lin's exclusive 40-page manual that leads you step-by-step through your daily practice and carefully describes every movement and meditation. * A training DVD to follow along as Master Lin beautifully demonstrates each movement for you. * Four audio CDs in which Master Lin reveals the "ancient secrets" to transform your life with Qi energy. * Two audio CDs to practice by. (And yes, you can get the course as either Digital Downloads or CDs and a DVD that we will ship to your home.) You get two free gifts ($138 value!) when you order before next Monday morning at 10:00 a.m. US Central Time. Free Gift #1: Weekly Group Telephone Healing Sessions with Chunyi Lin ($118 value!) Every Monday afternoon and Wednesday evening Chunyi Lin and his master healers conduct live healing meditations over the telephone. You will receive one month of these remarkable healing sessions absolutely free . For your convenience, you will be automatically enrolled for future months at a special low charge of $48 a month (regularly $118). You can easily cancel at any time by calling us at 1-888-800-2688 or sending an email to CustomerService@LearningStrategies.com . As always, you have our 30-day satisfaction guarantee which means you will be able to receive a refund, even for the previous month if you forget to cancel. We’re sure that after you experience the first FREE month of meditations with Chunyi, you will want to continue, but if not, we have you covered. Enjoy the healing! Free Gift #2: The Inner Beauty – Meditation Music CD ($20 value!) Inspired by Master Lin during a morning meditation, this breath-taking music is ideal for Qigong, meditation, yoga, massage, or just relaxing at home. And it's yours to keep at no cost —even if you decide not to continue with your Spring Forest Qigong practice. Get Spring Forest Qigong and $138 in free gifts today! Your course is on sale until Monday morning for 4 payments of $26 – you save $41.00 (Regular price $145.00) To get this special offer: Go to: http://www.LearningStrategies.com/SpringForestHealingfest/Upgrade or call toll-free 1-866-292-1861 Best Wishes, Pete Bissonette Spring Forest Healingfest Director   Learning Strategies Corporation 2000 Plymouth Road Minnetonka, Minnesota 55305-2335 USA 1-888-800-2688 1-952-767-9800 Fax 1-952-475-2373   http://www.LearningStrategies.com   You received this email because you are enrolled in "Fests" presented by Learning Strategies. If you do not want to receive further emails, please use one of these two links:   Unsubscribe me from the master Learning Strategies "Fests" list, which means I will not automatically receive a Free Pass for future Fests. -OR- Unsubscribe me only from emails about Spring Forest Healingfest .   Share what you like about your favorite Learning Strategies program on www.facebook.com/LearningStrategies . © 2013 Learning Strategies Corporation 