Apple iOS7 Special, : Get an iPads or MacBook Air at 35%-55% off retail! Just 100 left in our inventory of these iPads and Macbook Airs. Yours will be sold soon if you don't get it now! http://on.cptsfrigg.com/7750104855a752285054167306060 These manufacturer products are factory sealed and come with a standard one-year Apple warranty. Supplies will go fast, so be the first one to get an iPad or MacBook Air. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Important World Events: Electronic patient registryAudit and feedbackFacilitated relayPatient educationPromotion of selfmanagementClinician education Data are reported as mean SD. F and T values are reported for independent T tests for means and chisquare values x for nominal data. An asterisk denotes significant p values. N number. doi...journal.pone..tImage ProcessingAnalyses were performed on Sun Ultra workstations using ANALYZE . Rochester, MN, while blind to participants characteristics and hemisphere images were randomly flipped in the transverse plane before preprocessing. Prior to region definitions, largescale variations in image intensity caused by RF coil and other inhomogeneities were removed . Extracerebral tissues were removed using an isointensity contour function that thresholds cortical GM from overlying cerebrospinal fluid. Connecting dura and fat were removed manually. The dataset was resliced to Talairach standard orientation to correct for residual head rotation, tilt, or flexion.extension. Gray scale values of pure representations of cortical GM the cortical ribbon and WM were sampled bilaterally in frontal, temporal, occipital, and parietal regions using an pixel array that was sufficiently large to provide statistical stability but small enough to avoid contamination by partial volume effects from other tissue types. These values were averaged for each tissue type. A global threshold, calculated as the average of mean GMand WM values, was invoked to provide an initial rough classification of gray and white matter. This classification was then handedited in all views, primarily to eliminate subcortical GM and rims of ventricles partial volumed WM and ventricular CSF that is labeled as GM in most segmentation algorithms from the tissue assigned to cortical gray matter. The intraclass correlation coefficient, calculated as a measure of reliability of our segmentation procedures using a way random effects model , was ..CoregistrationA detailed description of the methods used to analyze surface morphology and their validation is provided elsewhere . Briefly, the random flips of the images above were reversed to provide their original correct orientation. Brains were brought into coarse alignment using a similarity registration translation, rotation, and scaling that maximized the mutual information of gray scale intensity values of the pixels in each brain with gray scale values in the template brain . Each brain was then warpedPLOS ONE www.plosone.orgFebruary Volume Issue eAnatomical Abnormalities in Schizophrenia Participants and Sampling ProcedureA total of students across academic years were surveyed from November to December using a representative systematic random sample from a sampling frame of students, a total population size of undergraduate students from the first to sixth year. The sampling frame was provided by the Head of the HMU Undergraduate Training Department. Following a random first number, students were selected, using a sampling interval of .Data CollectionThe instrument for data collection was a selfadministered structured questionnaire, comprising four sections, first asked students about their individual and social characteristics, second the level of access to LMS education, third knowledge, attitudes and selfefficacy of LMS and finally APA during the past and current year. As a procedure, once the study was approved by the HMU Undergraduate Training Department, all selected students were informed of the study objectives and contents. of the sample gave their informed consent to participate because refused the study, we used the same sampling strategy to approach more students until a full size of students was reached. Both male and female students were surveyed, using the anonymous selfreported manner. Each student completed a confidential questionnaire for to minutes either before or after a lecture he or she attended as well as after permissions received from teachers.PLOS ONE www.plosone.orgFebruary Volume Issue eAcademic Planning Activity among Medical StudentsThis study was informed by a pilot survey to validate the instrument. The pilot showed that the instrument was technically feasible for the main survey.MeasurementExposure to LMS education was measured as a state whether a student has learnt LMS topic. For more reliable and valid measure, the recall of key contents at the interval level of measurement was employed. To accommodate this measurement, an openended question was added to ask students to remember and list all possible contents of lessons they have learned about LMS. To transfer textual data into standard contents, a principal investigator who knew well about the LMS topic and its contents, closely looked at all textual responses, then classified if each of them would go under the standard contents of the topic. In total standard contents were identified. The above question formed a continuous scale measuring the level of recall that ranged from to contents with a median of . To simplify this measurement and ease the logistic regression and propensity score analysis, the scale was classified into and higher versus lower recall. LMS knowledge was assessed by true.falsedont know items such as a good academic planning includes setting goals and considers timeline frame and resources. Scoring the knowledge scale was accomplished by dichotomizing each item into a value of correct and incorrect or dont know and then summing the item values to form a composite score with higher scores reflecting better knowledge Cronbachs alpha . mean score ., SD .. Attitude toward LMS was measured with seven point semantic scale badgood from negative evaluation to positive evaluation such as how good or bad would it be if you talked about LMS for each topic with your friends every year A composite score was obtained by summing responses to items with higher composite scores indicating higher levels of attitudes Cronbachs alpha . mean score ., SD .. Social norm toward LMS was assessed with seven point semantic scale untruetrue from negative evaluation to positive evaluation such as Most people family, teachers and close friends who are important to you think you should talk about APA with your friends every year A composite score was obtained by summing responses to items with higher composite scores indicating higher level of social norm Cronbachs alpha . mean score ., SD .. Intentions for APA are measured by asking students to rate on a point semantic scale ranging from very unlikely to very likely such as during the next few months, you intend to talk about academic planning with your friends for each topic. A composite score was formed by summing responses to items with higher scores indicating higher levels of intentions Cronbachs alpha . mean score ., SD .. Selfefficacy of academic planning was measured with seven items tapping perceived difficulty of academic planning on a point semantic scale from very hard to very easy such as how hard would it be for you to advice or persuade your friends to make academic planning A composite score was obtained by summing responses to items with higher scores reflecting higher levels of selfefficacy Cronbachs alpha . mean score ., SD .. These five related subconstructs representing the cognitive and social interaction component of ideation were used to construct the measures of ideation. For the logistic regression analysis, using a cutoff of the measures were split into and , corresponding to higher and lower levels of ideation. One of the outputs of LMS education was the past year and current APA which were combined to construct a continuum of behavior with the following five scale values. never, rarely, occasionally, usually, and always Cronbachs alpha .. Combining these two items into a single outcomePLOS ONE www.plosone.org Figure . Changes in possible reasons for increased PPI use. doi...journal.pone..gAlthough the surveys do ask for overthecounter medications, it is possible that PPIs that are available overthecounter may not be documented in the patient record. Conversely, we may be overestimating potentially inappropriately used PPIs because not all symptoms, diagnoses, and medications are documented in NAMCS and NHAMCS. We also do not know whether PPIs were prescribed on an as needed basis prn or the duration of therapy. Lastly, it is possible that patients remain on PPIs longterm because of rebound symptoms when they are removed from PPIs . In summary, we found a large and significant increase in PPI use in the U.S. outpatient setting since but no increase in PPI use without a documented indication or in new PPI prescriptions. Nevertheless, the majority of patients on PPIs in all years had no documented indication. Our findings confirm what has been documented in smaller settings, older studies and international settings. Our findings suggest that inappropriate PPI use is not necessarily increasing but is still an important public health problem. While growing evidence points out important adverse associations with PPIs, they do remain effective drugs for their specifiedindications. More research is needed to fully understand the scope of overuse of PPIs in the ambulatory setting. These methods include more granular reviews of their use in the ambulatory setting or studies to understand why physicians prescribe and patients use PPIs when the indications are not clear. Further research should also address methods to change physician and patient decisions regarding their use. Interventions such as education, treatment guidelines, and decision support systems may address this problem. Ultimately, however, physicians, payers, policymakers, and even patients should be tasked with evaluating the need for PPI therapy, especially for longterm use.AcknowledgmentsDrs. Rotman and Bishop had full access to all of the data in the study and take responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analysis.Author ContributionsConceived and designed the experiments. TFB SRR. Analyzed the data TFB SRR. Wrote the paper TFB SRR.PLOS ONE www.plosone.orgFebruary Volume Issue eProton Pump Inhibitor Use Please go here to stop this communication: http://on.cptsfrigg.com/7750104855a731371064167306060 