 Plan for your future with this 500k term coverage Good morning, george@dispostable.com Date - June 23, 2013 500k in life insurance can be yours today. Get your family the coverage they deserve Your benefits will not be taxed and they will pay out right away. Coverage is for your entire family Start your term policy right now Here ............................................................................................................................................ Costs only $1.00 per day Starts at 8:00pm EST on 6/23/2013 Policy code 1955985426 ............................................................................................................................................ Activates when you start it HERE Plan the future now, Luz Younkin tapraid.aemmemaemmemaemupdatespledbrd haquer S Art.EDITORS continuedOther income. Pearson Education Theodore R. Delbridge, MD, MPH Employer East Carolina University Other income variable consulting funds for medicallegal review Gregory W. Hendey, MD Employer Central California Faculty Medical Group Other income Lippincott royalties for EM textbook Community Regional Medical Center, Fresno, CA, for administrative services Alan E. Jones, MD Employer University of Mississippi Grant support National Institutes of Health, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Fisher Scientific, Carolinas Healthcare System Reimbursement Board of Directors Society for Academic Emergency Medicine, American College of Emergency Physicians Scientific Review Committee Robert K. Knopp, MD Employer none Other income none Financial Interests none Richard M. Levitan, MD Employer Cottage Hospital, Woodsville NH adjunct faculty appointments at several institutions Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center, Univ. Maryland, Univ. Pennsylvania Financial interests Principal, Airway Cam Technologies, Inc. Wayne PA that makes and sells educational materials and airway management devices. Patents Direct Laryngoscopy Video System, several patents pending other airway devices I now have a contracted arrangement with Engineered Medical Systems, Indianapolis IN to develop these into commercial products for which I will receive royalties the CricKey and the CricKnife. I have received consultant fees from multiple device manufacturers, primarily related to prototyping of new devices in cadavers. Clarus Medical also receive royalties on Levitan Optical Stylet, Intersurgical, Cook Medical, AMBU, Vitals Signs.GE, King Vision, AirTraq North America, SmithsPortex, Teleflex David J. Magid, MD, MPH Employer Colorado Permanente Medical Group Grants Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality AHRQ, American College of Cardiology Foundation, American Heart Association, Amgen, National Health Lung and Blood Institute NHLBI, National Cancer Institute NCI, and the National Institute for Mental Health NIMH Keith A. Marill, MD Employer Massachusetts General Physicians Organization Stock ownership GE, Medtronic, Cambridge Heart, Nektar Therapeutics Melissa L. McCarthy, ScD Employer The George Washington University William R. Mower, MD, PhD Employer University of California, Los Angeles Other income Statistical consulting Olive View UCLA Medical Center Lewis S. Nelson, MD Employer New York University School of Medicine Other income Medical expert opinion consulting Volume , NO. April David H. Newman, MD Employer Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, NY Other income none Timothy F. PlattsMills, MD Employer University of North Carolina Chapel Hill Other income McGrawHill royalties for EM text book Research funding to UNC from NIH. John Sarko, MD Employer District Medical Group, Phoenix, AZ Other income stipend from the University of Arizona Phoenix Medical School to function as Clerkship Director for the Emergency Medicine Clerkship, for teaching, and serving on committees AHC Media to review Emergency Medicine Reports. Matthew D. Sztajnkrycer, MD, PhD Employer Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN Henry E. Wang, MD, MS Employer University of Alabama at Birmingham Other income Research grant support from the National Institutes of Health. Ellen J. Weber, MD Employer University of California San Francisco Other income None Robert D. Welch, MD, MS Employer Wayne State University Medical Center Emergency Services, PC Other income Emergencies in Medicine that offers CME courses small stock holdings in Merck, Pfizer, and Medco some mutual funds that invest in nonhealth carerelated companies Research funding NIH, NINDS, University of Michigan, Banyan Biomarkers Inc. Funded by the Department of Defense Kelly D. Young, MD, MS Employer Los Angeles County HarborUCLA Medical Center Other income stipend from University of California, Los Angeles editor stipend from Pemsoft httpwww.ebscohost.combiomedicallibrariespemsoft Research Funding DMID protocol Treatment of MRSA skin and soft tissue infectionsResearch Methodology Editors Richelle Cooper, MD, MSHSEmployer. University of California Los Angeles Other income research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians Kalev Freeman, MD, PhD Employer University of Vermont Other income research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians Grant funding NIGMS, Dept of Defense Funds for research or a member of staff American Heart Association, Masimo Corporation, Totman Medical Research Jason Haukoos, MD, MSc Employer Denver Health and Hospital Authority Other income research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians also receive travel stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians Clinical Policy Committee. Grant funding Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality AHRQ and the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment CDPHE, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases National Institute of General Medical Sciences. Annals of Emergency Medicine tapraid.aemmemaemmemaemupdatespledbrd haquer S Art.EDITORS continuedMargaret Hsieh, MD Employers. University of Pittsburgh, University of Pittsburgh Physicians Other income research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians Amy H. Kaji, MD, PhD Employers County of Los Angeles University of California, Los Angeles Columbia Emergency Physicians Other income UpToDate research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians Robert L. Wears, MD, MS Employer University of Florida College of Medicine Other income research methodology editor stipend from the American College of Emergency Physicians summer teaching Northwestern University patient safety course summer teaching University of Wisconsin human factors course Research grant support AHRQ, NHLBI and NIH OBSSR, RWJF Robert J. Zalenski, MD, MA Employer Wayne State University, VA Hospice, Seasonss Hospice, and Medical Center Emergency Services, Inc Other income In Consulting contract from Vanguard Health System for palliative care developmentInternational Editors Clare Atzema, MD, MScEmployer. University of Toronto Steven Goodacre PhD, FFAEM Employer University of Sheffield, UK Other income none AnneMaree Kelly, MD, MClinED Employment Western Health, Melbourne Australia Professorial Fellow of The University of Melbourne and Adjunct Professor at Queensland University of Technology. Other income I have been a paid member of advisory boards for MSD, Astra Zeneca and MDI. I have consulted for Queensland Emergency Medicine Research Foundation and BMJ publishing. Director of Ariel Medical Pty Ltd, a private company that provides medicolegal opinion and consultancy within Australia. Michael J. Schull, MD, MSc Employer Dept of Medicine, University of Toronto Other income Sunnybrook Emergency Physicians Group Sunnybrook Research Institute Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences Canadian Institutes of Health ResearchDepartment Editors Tyler W. Barrett, MD, MSCIEmployer. Vanderbilt University Medical Center Grant support Salary and research support from NHLBI as principal investigator on K career development award. Other income Medical expert consulting Stephanie A. Eucker, MD, PhD Employer University of Virginia Health System, Charlottesville, VA Jason D. Heiner, MD Employer University of Washington Seattle, WA and University of Washington Physicians Other income none Christopher Kahn, MD, MPH Employer University of California, San Diego Other income Aeromedevac I earned some money as a flight physician NCTI San Diego a paramedic school for which I serve as the medical director Medicolegal consulting Truman J. Milling, Jr., MD Employer Clinical Truman J. Milling Jr. MD PA Research Hospital Physicians in Clinical Research PLLC Other income Emergency Service Partners, general partner, contracted for emergency services at University Medical Center at Brackenridge and Dell Childrens Medical Center Editor Stipend Annals of Emergency Medicine One time stipend Strativa Pharmaceutical advisory board on pediatric gastroenteritis John C. Moorhead, MD, MS Employer Oregon Health and Science University Anna Olson, MD Employer Southern CO EM Associates Other income stipend from Annals David T. Overton, MD, MBA Employer Western Michigan University School of Medicine, Kalamazoo, MI Investments in several retirement plans, including mutual funds. Ashley Shreves, MD Employer Mount Sinai School of Medicine, New York, NY Other income none John C. Southall, MD Employer Mercy Health System of MaineConsulting Editors Valerie J. De Maio, MD, MSc LA IL TX WA OH MA NV CA Table Booths Booths Booth Booth Table Table Table , , , , , www.aspanet.org www.aaos.org www.acjs.org www.iadr.com www.counseling.org www counseling org www.essnet.org www.libraryofsocialscience.com www.wpsa.research.pdx.edu, ,..Hilton Union SquareSan Francisco . . Moscone West Convention Center Gaylord National Hotel and Convention Center Embassy Suites y Henry B. Gonzales Convention Center The Cosmopolitan of Las VegasSan Francisco National HarborCA MD Booth Boothwww.assh.org.annualmeetingAnnualMeeting www.aapmr.org. . East Peoria San Antonio Las Vegas N AT I o N A l C o M M I T T E E f o R Q U A l I T y A S S U R A N C E E A R l y E D I T I o N , o C T o b E R necessary for success that can be evaluated consistently. Too often, these programs require lengthy descriptions that can be hard to evaluate, severely curtailing their usefulness. Specialists and PcmHs. Another approach for building from the PCMH is the PCMH neighborhood idea, aspects of which we are building into the NCQA Specialty Practice Recognition program. This program is designed to recognize the commitment specialists make to coordinating the care of patients in their practice, and to coordinating with their patients primary care providers. Medicare physician payment As Congress considers changing Medicares physician payment system, now is the time to use the powerful incentives in payment systems to motivate better outcomes in quality and cost. Medicare has begun to rebalance payment in favor of primary care, but should do more to reward the challenging work of primary care. It should adopt payment strategies that create incentives for physicians to provide other than in facetoface visits and coordinate care among different providers. Given the looming shortage of primary care providers and some specialists, the payment system must create innovative ways to deliver care. Exchanges Although NCQA supports many policies regarding health plans in Exchanges, we wish there was greater emphasis on using Exchanges as a strategy to pursue a value agenda, rather than on operational issues. We would like to see quality measures articulated and health plans encouraged to participate in statewide deliveryreform initiatives. There should be development of useful measures of value. overuse, misuse, waste. And although we support transparency with respect to health plan and provider cost, we feel there is too much importance on the medical loss ratio. A plan that does little to rein in medical spending will find it easier to meet its target ratio than a plan that actively invests in medical management and reduces medical spending a perverse and unintended outcome. To keep subsidies relatively affordable, Exchanges benefit packages will probably have high deductibles. We encourage both federal and state policymakers to look for flexibility in the law, to use elements of valuebased insurance design to keep premiums down in place of highT H E S TAT E o f H E A l T H C A R E Q U A l I T y E x E C U T I V E S U M M A R ycostsharing requirements. Plans and purchasers are developing benefit designs that waive cost sharing for effective services like those measured by HEDIS. Quality measure development priorities Quality measurement has tended to follow development of medical guidelines that reflect areas with a strong clinicalevidence base. but some populations including the aged and some types of patients including those with multiple conditions are routinely excluded from the clinical trials that we rely on to develop quality measures. We need more research on these populations to discover effective therapies and care management strategies. Using quality measures for payment initiatives Although health reformers have developed more complex payment models, with stronger incentives than the simpler versions of the payforperformance schemes of the s, rigorous and meaningful measurement is critical to help plans and providers focus on how to attain success and reassure consumers that more affordable care will not be mean lower quality care. The patterns of improved performance we see in Medicare Advantages payforperformance system illustrate the power of incentives. We recommend a number of ways to use measures in payment models. Highlight disparities in care. Payforvalue programs could use this information to reward plans and providers working to reduce gaps, as well as to improve overall performance. make health care costs including price more visible to policymakers, purchasers and consumers. This is not a simple task, given the variety of payment methods and accounting systems, but as health economists often find that higher prices underlie higher costs, it would serve an important public policy objective. We support strategies like tiering and reference pricing, to give consumers incentives to choose alternatives with higher value i.e., lower cost, higher quality. develop programs that rely on competition among plans or providers and contain robust consumer protections against excessive cost sharing, which can work against access and quality, as well as a strong set of quality measures. Show consumers the difference in premiums and provider prices use financial incentives to encourage patient engagement and choice of highervalue options.N AT I o N A l C o M M I T T E E f o R Q U A l I T y A S S U R A N C E E A R l y E D I T I o N , o C T o b E R Incorporating Patient Perspective and Engaging consumers on Health an agenda for all Purchasers in the Health care System Although the clinical perspective is important, we should also measure patients experience of care. NCQA has long supported collection and use of patient experience data in surveys like CAHPS. We want to develop measures of patientreported outcomes of care with regard to specific health care conditions, to determine if patients feel their condition improved as a result of care. We need measures like these, which capture dimensions of care that mean something to consumers. The agenda for investing in comparative effectiveness research should incorporate the patient perspective as much as possible. Unfortunately, we understand very little about how to motivate patients to adopt positive health behaviors. Many people do not understand basic health care language and are mystified by insurance benefit design. faced with a daunting to do list, they have no idea where to begin. Nor do we effectively communicate the benefits and harms of treatments, or encourage consumers and their families to be active partners in treatment decisions. We need to learn more from consumers about how to keep them healthy and engage them in their own care. As delivery systems transform and we increase the emphasis on quality measures for plans and providers, consumers active participation in their own wellness and care is critical to move the country toward better health. Quality measures, like control of high blood pressure, can translate into avoided deaths, strokes and heart attacks, yet results of these measures have begun to plateau at lessthanoptimal levels. Motivating patients to make diet and lifestyle changes and to take needed medications can turn this around. The following recommendations, reprinted from a recent Atlantic health blog http..www.theatlantic.comhealtharchiveengagethepatienttoimprovehealthliteracy, would put us on the path to better patient engagement. Ensure that every American knows his or her wellness priorities and has a plan to implement them While millions of Americans already complete a health risk appraisal surveyusually through their employermore should. Ideally, the results of these surveys will be used to establish a plan and priorities for improving or maintaining good health, rather than sitting in a database somewhere. Employers are using financial incentives to encourage more employees to developT H E S TAT E o f H E A l T H C A R E Q U A l I T y E x E C U T I V E S U M M A R y end any furthar messages from us here 