Apple iOS7 Special, : Get an iPads or MacBook Air at 35%-55% off retail! Just 100 left in our inventory of these iPads and Macbook Airs. Yours will be sold soon if you don't get it now! http://mail.dietcoloncleanser.com/3814698095f56290002283653030 These manufacturer products are factory sealed and come with a standard one-year Apple warranty. Supplies will go fast, so be the first one to get an iPad or MacBook Air. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Important World Events: Knowledgebase ID. Data element type Definition Context Version number DATA ELEMENT The urgency of the patients need for medical and nursing care. Admitted patient healthcare Required to provide data for analysis of Emergency Department processes.Relational and representational attributesDatatype. Field size Data domain Numeric Min. Guide for use Verification rules Collection methods This triage classification is to be used in the Emergency Departments of hospitals. Patients will be triaged into one of five categories on the National Triage Scale according to the triageurs response to the question This patient should wait for medical care no longer than .... The triage category is allocated by an experienced registered nurse or medical practitioner. If the triage category changes, record the more urgent category. Max. Representational form Representational layout CODE NResuscitation. Immediate within seconds Emergency Within minutes Urgent Within minutes Semiurgent Within minutes Nonurgent Within minutesClinical urgencyAdmin. status.CURRENT.Identifying and definitional attributesKnowledgebase ID. Data element type Definition Context Version number DATA ELEMENT A clinical assessment of the urgency with which a patient requires elective hospital care. Elective surgery categorisation of waiting list patients by clinicalSimsion Bowles Associates Page of The analytical techniques applied to the BEACH data ensure that the clustering inherent in the sampling methods is dealt with. Results are reported with confidence intervals. Users are therefore aware of how reliable any estimate might be. Reliability of the methods is demonstrated by the consistency of results over time where change is not expected, and by the measurement of change when it might be expected.. Using BEACH data with other national dataUsers of the BEACH data might wish to integrate information from multiple national data sources, as this can provide a more comprehensive picture of the health and health care of the Australian community. It is therefore important that readers are aware of how the BEACH data differ from those drawn from others. This section summarises differences between BEACH and other national sources of data about general practice in Australia.The Pharmaceutical Benefits SchemePrescribed medications paid for under the PBS are recorded by Medicare Australia. The PBS data. count the prescription each time it crosses the pharmacists counter so that one prescription written by the GP with five repeats in BEACH would be counted by the PBS six times if the patient filled all repeats count only those prescribed medications subsidised by the PBS and costing more than the minimum subsidy and therefore covered by the PBS for all patients, or medications prescribed for those holding a Commonwealth concession card or for those who have reached the safety net threshold will change with each change in the PBS copayment level for nonCommonwealth concession cardholders when the copayment level increases, those medications that then fall under the new level will no longer be counted in the PBS for nonCommonwealth concession cardholders have no record of the problem being managed with the exception of authority prescriptions, which require an indication and account for a small amount of PBS data. The morbidity cannot be reliably assumed on the basis of the prescription type. total medications include those prescribed whether covered by the PBS or not, those supplied to the patient directly by the GP, and those advised for OTC purchase each prescription recorded reflects the GPs intent that the patient receives the prescribed medication, and the specified number of repeats the prescription, irrespective of the number of repeats ordered, is counted only once the medication is directly linked to the problem being managed by the GP there is no information on the number of patients who do not present their prescription to be filled this also applies to the PBS. pathology and imaging. The components are standard and independent throughout all chapters. The updated component groupings of ICPC codes, released by the Wonca International Classification Committee in have been used in this report. The ICPC is an excellent epidemiological tool. The diagnostic and symptom rubrics have been selected for inclusion on the basis of their relative frequency in primary care settings, or because of their relative importance in describing the health of the community. ICPC has about , rubrics and these are sufficient for meaningful analyses. However, reliability of data entry, using ICPC alone, requires a thorough knowledge of the classification for correct classification of a concept to be ensured. In , recognising a need for a coding and classification system for general practice electronic health records, the Family Medicine Research Centre FMRC then Unit developed an extended clinical terminology classified according to the ICPC, now called ICPC PLUS. This is an interface terminology, developed from all the terms used by GPs in studies such as the Australian Morbidity and Treatment Survey , encounters, A comparison of country and metropolitan general practice , encounters, the Morbidity and Therapeutic Index a clinical audit tool that was available to GPs approximately , encounters, and BEACH about . million encounters, that together make up about . million encounter records, involving more than million free text descriptions of problems managed and a further million for patient reasons for encounter. These terms are classified according to ICPC to ensure data are able to be compared internationally. Readers interested in seeing how coding works can download the ICPC PLUS Demonstrator at sydney.edu.au.medicinefmrcicpcplusdemonstratorindex.php. When the freetext data are received from the GPs, trained secondary coders who are undergraduate students, code the data in more specific terms using ICPC PLUS. This ensures high coder reliability and automatic classification of the concept, and provides the ability to ungroup such ICPC rubrics as other diseases of the circulatory system and select a specific disease from the terms within it.Components . Symptoms, complaints . Diagnostic, screening, prevention . Treatment, procedures, medication . Test results . Administrative . Other . Diagnoses, disease A B D F H K General and unspecified Blood bloodforming organs Digestive Eye Ear CirculatoryABDFHKL All participants returned a GP profile questionnaire, although some were incomplete. The results are provided in Table .. Of the participants. were male, and were aged years and over had been in general practice for more than years had graduated in Australia spent more than hours each week on direct patient care services mean hours worked was . median was . hours conducted some consultations in a language other than English more than were Fellows of the RACGP, and were Fellows of the ACRRM bulkbilled Medicare for all patients and bulkbilled for selected patients only did not bulk bill Medicare for any patient consultations had provided care in a residential aged care facility in the previous month practised in Major cities using Australian Standard Geographical Classification were in practices of fewer than five individual GPs, and were in practices of ten or more individual GPs were in practices of fewer than five fulltime equivalent FTE GPs of the GPs worked in a practice that employed practice nursing stafffor more than a third of these . the practice employed less than two fulltime equivalents hours per week. On average, there were . FTE practice nurses per FTE GP. worked in an accredited practice nearly twothirds had a colocated pathology laboratory or collection centre and almost half had a psychologist in or within metres of the practice worked in a practice that provided their own or cooperative afterhours care, and in a practice that used a deputising service for afterhours patient care multiple responses allowed worked in a practice teaching undergraduates, junior doctors, registrars, or all three. Those interested in the clinical activity of overseas trained doctors will find more information in Bayram et al. Clinical activity of overseas trained doctors practising in general practice in Australia. Readers interested in the effects of GP age on clinical practice will find more information in Charles et al. The independent effect of age of general practitioner on clinical practice. For more information about the effect of the sex of the GP on clinical practice see Harrison et al. Sex of the GP.Table .. Characteristics of participating GPs and their practicesGP characteristic Sex missing Male Female Age missing years years years years Years in general practice missing years years years years years Place of graduation missing Australia Overseas Asia United Kingdom.Ireland Africa and Middle East Europe New Zealand Other Direct patient care hours worked per week missing hours hours hours hours hours Consult in languages other than English missing of consultations of consultations of consultations Currently in general practice training program missing Fellow of RACGP missing Fellow of ACRRM missing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Numbera Per cent of GPsa n continuedTable . continued. Characteristics of participating GPs and their practicesGP characteristic Bulkbillingb missing All patients Some patients No patients Patient care provided in previous monthb Please go here to stop this communication: http://mail.dietcoloncleanser.com/3814698095f56145002283653030 