 ahmed, You know, it has been over 12 years but I can remember my Sunday blues so vividly. Every Friday morning, I was happier than could be, then yet, come Sunday afternoon I would fall into a huge depression. Talk about a massive emotional roller coaster! The sad reality today is that 99% of people hate what they do for a living. I can remember just out of University working at a local hospital, and for the very first time in my life I became depressed. You see, I was very excited to get a job at the Montford hospital in Ottawa Ontario Canada with a starting salary of $52,000 per year! That was big money for me then. However, as I got to know my colleagues I discovered very quickly that some of them had been there for over 20 years and they were making approximately $56,000 per year! WOW!!! So I can expect to get a $4000 raise in the next 20 years! Not much room for advancement if you ask me! You see, learning how the human body works and all its moving parts was very fascinating in school. But, once I got into the workplace I was doing cardiac stress testing all day long. Stick someone on the treadmill, read their electrocardiogram, send them home. Stick someone new on the treadmill, read their electrocardiogram and send them home! I was doing the same thing day in and day out every single day. For the first time in my life, as I said earlier, I became extremely depressed. I thought to myself, "Can I really do this for the next 30 to 35 years?" Boy was I stuck, my first baby girl Livija, was due in the next few months, I was depressed out of my mind, and on a whim and moments notice, I did the most irresponsible thing possible, at least I thought it was.. Yep.. I quit my job! I came home that day, scared to death to say anything to anyone. The next morning, I told my wife I was not feeling well and was going to stay home from work. Well, that worked for another couple of days but soon enough my wife Ilona said "Honey, you need to get back to work or you will be fired" At that very moment, I felt my throat close and I mumbled, "Honey I quit two days ago".. Here it came.., my wife was yelling at me, my mother told me I was running my life, my sister told me I was completely irresponsible with the baby coming. GOD I wasn't a real man... The only person, that was supportive was my father, the true entrepreneur! You know, it took me over two years to make my first dime online. My wife nearly gave me the ultimate ultimatum, and that was, it is your stupid computer or it was me, you make that choice! Thank God she was patient, as leading up to today, since that day we has never looked back! >>> I have never had the Sunday blues again! >>> I have never regretted being able to take my kids to school! >>> I have never felt so free in my life! So what does that have to do with you? Well see, I know what you're going through, I have been there! I know the frustrations, I know the fears, I know the lack of spousal support, I know the financial drain, I know the stress, and I know the tears. NOTHING, I repeat NOTHING is worse than going to a job that you absolutely despise! I am unequivocally here for you, I have been there, and I will show you exactly what you need to do with PureLeverage.com to make it a success, to prove the naysayers wrong, and most importantly to acquire the freedom that you deserve so that you can do what you want when you want to do it! You owe that not only to yourself, but to your family as well. Where else can you start a business for such a low investment? Where else does the world become your marketplace. Join our team today, it is simply one choice and one click away! --Joel Therien Founder and CEO GVO | Pureleverage.com                   - Click here to unsubscribe http://www.gogvo.com/remove.php?e=ahmed%40dispostable.com&a=727727&fk=ad76992a419b46935f1ade9db1ee9d02e5a8de38cc6d6ee5de8ddf22a5a79a68 