 Hot new summer items at Wendy's, Our Treat! * zg@dispostable.com How would you like to sample fresh new delicious Wendy's items with a $ 50 gift card! * They are being given out fast with a limited supply! Claim your gift card Now Here some of the items on the New Wendy's Sizzling Summer Menu Berry Almond Chicken Salad - YUM! Frosty Waffle Cones - For those hot days Strawberry Lemonade & Tea - Delicious Wendy's On Us - What Could be Better? If you are not in the mood to try the menu, then travel here * Not everyone will qualify please read Terms and Participation Rules No deviation from BTS criteria found discharged patients selected for review. Admissions in months pre clinic apptJune Admissions in months post clinic appt patients complete satisfaction surveyJuly Mar List of new patients obtained for respiratory clinics June and reviewed. referral.rereferral and previous follow up statusCFcystic fibrosis OSAobstructive sleep apnoea.future followup appointments were reviewed to determine if patients could be discharged to the GP with advice. If they met the discharge criteria, patients were sent a letter indicating it was safe for their GP to manage their condition a standard PCT approved letter was used unless there was a clinical reason to do otherwise. A safety net was set up to allow GPs to rebook patients without a new referral if they felt hospital followup was clinically indicated. Patients were also given a telephone number to rebook if they wished to discuss their future management and were given written selfmanagement advice where indicated. Clinics also used six rapid access review slots akin to a HOT clinic and more open access appointments were made available to patients discharged from clinic. The second study period was timed to allow all the above to have been implemented before second data collection.Impact of clinic reformThe validity of the reform process was checked by comparing the ratio of BTS appropriate and inappropriate discharges before and . . . . Table . Scores of the student categories on the desirable qualities factors.Med Teach Downloaded from informahealthcare.com by ... on . For personal use only.Category of studentsDomestic no prior tertiary studies DN Domestic some prior tertiary studies DT International student I Notes. aDT DN, p .. b DT DN, p .. c I DN, p . , p .Methodical. .a .aCognitive capacity conceptualize new knowledge, establish relevance, and focus on the application of knowledge in between the classroom and the real bedside. Finally, while these trends facilitate integration of the sciences, practical and political considerations come to bear as implications of these trends. Transitions from one model to the other often require the realignment of resources and expectations related to the professoriate and clinical faculty. For example, the traditional sequential model facilitated nonphysicians teaching of basic sciences in keeping with a university departmental model. Newer models bring simmering debates to the forefront since basic scientists often feel that medical practitioners are not well equipped to teach to an appropriate depth in basic sciences or appropriately incorporate new advances and nuance into their teaching. Physicians, on the other hand, are more able to appreciate the clinical applicability of basic science content and thus feel more able to foster learning in an integrated model.Med Teach Downloaded from informahealthcare.com by ... on . For personal use only.DiscussionLittle dissent arose around the importance of learning basic sciences in medical school, but arguments around the amount, conceptualization, and delivery of this education was far from consistent in our data set. Discussions of the role of basic sciences question the need for all graduating medical students to have the same degree of basic sciences knowledge. The overarching principles of the AAMC.HHMI report allude to this. Application of scientific knowledge in medicine requires attention both to the patient as an individual and in a social context, and The effective practice of medicine recognizes that the biology of individual patients is complex and variable and is influenced by genetic, social and environmental factors Prideaux . However, as Norman discusses, all clinicians at times require some basic science grounding but different specialties require it to different degrees. Furthermore, those destined for careers in research require more exposure than those destined for purely clinical practice yet preparation for both career options has been seen as appropriate for the undifferentiated medical student. Thus, a cohort of researchers must arise from those in the training system and interest in this career fed through early and meaningful exposure to the basic sciences. While there is little debate about the need for the profession to balance clinical care provision with research, the physician as researcher may become more essential to the professional identity in the future. The traditional unique role of the physician is being challenged. For example, the competencies of other health professionals are evolving to encompass some activities formerly held to be unique to physicians, and information technology is shifting the intellectual role of the physician from that of primarily a knowledge repository to that of a knowledge integrator or broker. The idea of physician as knowledge generator and academic problem solver thus become more important as a means to achieve the leadership expected of the profession. This tension is particularly important in the Canadian context where undergraduate medical training is heavily subsidized from public funds and residencies are entirely publically funded. As a provincial rather thanIntegrating the two sciencesFew reservations arose about the need for new models of education or about the need to further integrate the two sciences. The support for new competencybased models such as the seven CanMEDS Roles, for example, clearly indicates a perception that physicians must have facility with many more content areas than were previously emphasized in Flexners era RCPSC . If training is to remain the same length or fail to benefit from advances in efficiency, this in effect speaks to a reduction in traditional basic sciences focus in exchange for other areas of emphasis. This tension between increased spectrum of competencies and a timelimited curriculum clearly arose. . . . the basic sciences can get squeezed, talked down or talked over. Even those who agree on a strong basic sciences foundation envisioned an effective integrated model as long as basic science fundamentals explicitly and deliberately remain You dont have to spend a whole year in the anatomy lab or in biochemistry necessarily like in the good old days. We use systems learning and basic sciences can be integrated Im not saying that everybody must spend this prescribed time. What Im saying is that curriculum planners must ensure basic principles are incorporated into problembased learning or another way. The advent of new educational technology, most notably simulation, was seen as a focal point in the shift of debate from one of simply when students know enough to be allowed to interact meaningfully with patients. Alternatives now exist that allow students to Basic sciences in medical educationnational mandate, Ministries hold faculties accountable primarily for producing a stable supply of competent providers for the provincial population at the minimum cost and often at the expense of prioritizing specialized training in research or leadership which is often seen as a national resource. In recognition of the need for increased flexibility in preparatory training, a number of North American schools now provide discrete opportunities for basic science research in addition to or in place of basic science teaching for interested students AAMC . Duke Medical School has included with its longitudinal clinical experience a month indepth basic science research project. http..medschool.duke.edu modulemcurriculumindex.phpid accessed November . The Cleveland Clinic Lerner School of Medicine provides a year curriculum focusing on basic science in the first years while including ongoing clinical exposure and then allows students to diversify based on their relative clinical and research interests. Harvard Medical School uses a technologyenabled approach, bringing basic sciences alive with clinical context through simulation and webbased resources in the classroom. A number of recent publications address the integration of basic sciences into curricula using new techniques and technology Chen Pawlina Dubois Franson Takkunen et al. . If practice reflects a shift in predominant thinking, then arguments for integrated curricula have been compelling since such designs, especially the horizontal model, have become more popular in Europe, North and South America and Australia Dahle et al. . Indeed, over of Canadian, of Australian, and of UK medical schools had horizontal integration of their undergraduate medical curricula by Elliott . One notable example of a full spiral curriculum is found at the University of Dundee. Characterized by repetitive exposure to themebased topics at greater and greater levels of sophistication and building new knowledge upon old, this model is proposed to incorporate the best of previous models, revisiting both basic and clinical sciences as necessary to encourage problemsolving and establish context for ongoing learning Davis Harden . The literature on effective curricular integration has evolved to the degree that new review or synthesis articles are starting to appear, such as two published recently in Medical Teacher Dahle et al. Davis Harden . Furthermore, the needs of teachers mandated by these transitions have also recently been the focus of literature reports teachers can and must be adequately supported in their efforts to adapt to new curricular models Gregory et al. . While there has thus been a considerable shift away from Flexners model and numerous innovative approaches to integrating the two sciences to help future physicians meet societal needs, there remains little definitive evidence to indicate the best model for medical education. Clear support of one model over another would require a firm consensus on an appropriate outcome measure and a rigourous comparative design. While some attempts to do this have been made and have shown small advantages for problembased curricula over traditional curricula on issues of lifelong learning, clinical skills and ability to address psychosocial issues, definitive evidenceencompassing a breadth of clinical practice indicators has yet to appear Vernon Blake . It is curious that the sciences debate arose only within the professions and not from lay or naive contributors to our data set. The reason for this relative dearth of attention is a matter of conjecture. It is likely that the teaching of basic sciences is not seen as a contentious issue to those outside the medical education environment either because it is assumed to be a fundamental part of medical education about which there is little to debate or the distinction between basic and clinical sciences is not appreciated in the same manner as it is among those who teach and learn in medical schools. External realities, such as accreditation requirements and certification processes, influence curriculum design. Change is afoot here, too. For example, in the United States, the USMLE Step basic science examination has been undertaken by candidates at the end of second year. This has tended to perpetuate the divide between preclinical basic sciences and clinical curricula. Recently endorsed changes will see two assessment points at the interface between undergraduate and graduate medical education supervised practice and at the beginning of independent unsupervised practice and the adoption of a general competencies schema for the design and scoring of the examination consistent with national standards such as the ACGME general competencies. Implementation of these recommendations would create a single year competencybased examination in which basic science is truly integrated with clinical context. In theory, this will give schools more flexibility in how they structure curricula and facilitate longitudinal integration. The final AFMC Collective Vision document includes as a key recommendation, Build on the scientific basis of Medicine AFMC . The predominant sentiment of this recommendation is in alignment with the sources of data summarized in this paper, including the critical role basic sciences play in forming the physician identity, the need to expand the notion of basic science to include the fundamentals of other disciplines, and the need to skillfully integrate the learning of all sciences throughout the curriculum. Elaboration of this key recommendation states that both human and biological sciences must be learned in relevant and immediate clinical contexts throughout the MD education experience. The document further adeptly articulates that integrated curricula hold promise to enhance the learning of both clinical and basic sciences compared to a sequential model. While recognizing that it is important to underscore the scientific basis of medicine, this recommendation recognizes the value of both basic science and clinical instruction. These two complementary domains must be increasingly integrated so that students think about clinical applications as they learn basic sciences and about scientific principles as they learn clinical skills. The task, then, is for curriculum planners to address the following issues a decide how best to structure their education model with regards to type of future practice e.g. when to stream students based on research interest or envisioned future specialty, b match the educational objectives of each group to their basic science needs including newer disciplines such as social sciences, c make conscious links between basic science knowledgeMed Teach Downloaded from informahealthcare.com by ... on . For personal use only. Population Health ManagementDavid B. Nash, MD, MBA issuesPlanned Giving TodayTom Cullinan issuesThis authoritative journal reflects the expanding scope of health care management and quality. The Journal delivers a comprehensive, integrated approach to the field of population health and provides information designed to improve the systems and policies that affect health care quality, access, outcomes, and quality of life. The Official Journal of the Care Continuum Alliance. Indexed in MEDLINE, Current Contents, CINAHL database, and all key indexing services. PeerreviewedPlanned Giving Today is the premier monthly publication serving the planned giving community, connecting readers to leading professionals in the field. This newsletter provides practical, educational information about key training events and resources, fresh marketing ideas, and valuable insights. Each issue contains a marketing reprintable that readers can customize and print in their own publications. Please visit www.PGToday.com for a full array of all our planned giving tools and resources.Liebert Online FeaturesAccess to over high quality, cuttingedge publications with over , articles and growing. The complete Liebert Online Collection is available to library consortia and individual institutions, as well as multisite and global licensing collections for corporations. Unlimited, simultaneous access to authoritative articles in fully searchable PDF and HTML formats. Multiple ways of searching with reference linking to bibliographic resources on the web. Libraryfriendly portal with support, COUNTER compliant usage statistics, authentication methods, terms and conditions, and more. Archival content available for all publications. Perpetual access to purchased content and archival preservation. Fast Track.Aheadofprint articles and Liebert Instant Online LION. Authenticated mobile access via Liebert For Mobile LM. Library users can access registered content on their mobile device without having to log in. Patron customization of the Liebert Online experience. Features such as RSS feeds, TOC alerts, citation tracking alerts, forward tracking alerts for a specific word or phrase, download of metadata to Reference Manager, ProCite, EndNote, and more. Convenient share features 