 ZDNet Tech Today - US Trouble viewing this mail? Read it online | Manage my newsletters | Previous Edition   ZDNet Tech Today - US ZDNet Member | June 24, 2013 Home | Hot Topics | Events | White Papers | Small Business | Downloads | Reviews | Debates | RSS Feeds Today's Top Picks   The approaching datacenter zombie apocalypse If IBM's recent workforce rebalancing act is any indication of future trends, then we're going to see an awful lot of vacant datacenter space and vacant datacenter jobs. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Recommended Energy Efficient Cooling for Data Centers: A Close-Coupled Row Solution Check out this article to learn more about the efficiency benefits of row-based cooling compared to two other common cooling architectures. Firm: Facebook's shadow profiles are 'frightening' dossiers on everyone The security researchers who found Facebook's 'shadow profiles' bug have rung the alarm that Facebook is compiling "frightening" dossiers on everyone possible. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Windows 8 tablets with Haswell: The $500 dilemma Intel's new Haswell processor has the potential to bring Windows 8 tablets to the mainstream, but only if they can meet buyer's price demands. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Tibco CEO Vivek Ranadive on CIO influence, big data and sports Ranadive talks about the IT buying cycle---and neglects to mention the CIO---melds business and sports and talks big data. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Apple has delicate iPhone inventory dance ahead Apple has a few tricky supply chain items to navigate. First, most smartphone buyers know a new iPhone is coming and won't buy an iPhone 5. Apple needs to generate sales of the iPhone 5 and keep inventory levels in check. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Hot Topic Spotlight   Facebook vs. NSA: which is worse? Data collection, regardless of who is doing it, is a potentially dangerous genie when let out of the bottle. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Great Debate   Is Microsoft winning or losing the war for developers? Microsoft has always obsessed about developers. In this brave new Windows 8, mobile-focused world, how's Redmond doing? CAST YOUR VOTE   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Featured Photo Gallery   Things you didn't know you could do online If you're bored of Facebook, why not rent a husband or watch the African plains to pass the time? --> VIEW THE GALLERY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK More photo galleries: Top Android apps for summer Featured Review   ThinkPad Helix: Expensive hybrid for the enterprise Lenovo has produced a hybrid for the enterprise in the ThinkPad Helix. The Helix couples performance with function to appeal to professionals with a lot of cash. READ FULL REVIEW   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Latest News   NSA instigates security measures to hamper future whistleblowers   Fusion-io updates ioTurbine, touts caching performance   Former employees say TCS abused Australia visa   Service simplifies creation of marketing and product animations   Datameer 3.0 Announced   O2 Ireland sold to Three for â‚¬850m   HP Slate 21 all-in-one PC is powered by Android, Tegra 4 chip   Cyber-retaliation: How security is becoming a priority for the Middle East   Read more News >> Connect with ZDNet   Become a fan on Facebook   Follow us on Twitter   Watch us on YouTube Small Business Center   Service simplifies creation of marketing and product animations GoAnimate offers predesigned content and templates, but also lets small-business owners add their own video, images and audio. READ FULL STORY   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Featured Video   AusCERT 2013: PRISM, soap, and kittens AusCERT's annual conference has wrapped up for 2013, and this time, it was personal. WATCH VIDEO   |   SHARE ON FACEBOOK Watch more Videos >>   Recommended Downloads Ten Errors to Avoid When Commissioning a Data Center Proper execution of the commissioning process is a critical step for your data center . This paper outlines the ten most common errors that prevent successful execution of the commissioning process. Clearing the Clouds for Midmarket This paper examines different cloud computing models, discusses the types of requirements that each can best address, and considers what midmarket businesses should look for in a cloud solutions provider . Ericom AccessNow: Free 30 Day Product Evaluation With Ericom AccessNow, an HTML5 RDP zero client , you don't need to download anything to your PC, Mac, iPad, or Chromebook to gain instant access to Windows apps & virtual desktops . Runs entirely within the browser. Download this free 30 day trial . Content Analytics: Drive Superior Customer Service Register now to read the paper and discover how Content Analytics can help your organization analyze, search and classify unstructured content for superior business outcomes.   Send us your feedback here . Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet! | To manage your account settings or to remove yourself from all ZDNet communications, please visit our Subscription Center . The e-mail address for your subscription is peter@dispostable.com. Unsubscribe from this e-mail | FAQ | Ad Choice | Privacy Policy Copyright CBS Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CBS Interactive, Inc. ZDNet 235 Second Street San Francisco, CA 94105 U.S.A. 