 There are new Wendy's summer menu items and we want you to try them on us! * zg@dispostable.com It's our treat, but you have to get it now because supplies are limited! * See how to get it Here Check out these delicious Wendy's summer items: Berry Almond Chicken Salad - YUM! Frosty Waffle Cones - For those hot days Strawberry Lemonade & Tea - Delicious Right here is where to go to get your Gift Card ($ 50) Travel here for ways to end these types of messages * Not everyone will qualify please read Terms and Participation Rules ...Report . Transportation and Road Research Laboratories, Crowthorne, England, . Shinar, D., and F. Scheiber. Visual Requirements for Safety and Mobility of Older Drivers. Human Factors, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Kosnik, W., R. Sekuler, and D. Kline. SelfReported Visual Problems of Older Drivers. Human Factors, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Klein, R. AgeRelated Eye Disease, Visual Impairment, and Driving in the Elderly. Human Factors, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Lord, S., R. Clark, and I. Webster. Postural Stability and Associated Physiological Factors in a Population of Aged Persons. Journal of Gerontology. Medical Sciences, Vol. , No. , , pp. MM. BrummelSmith, K. Falls and Instability in the Older Person. In Geriatric Rehabilitation B. Kemp, K. BrummellSmith, and J. Ramsdell, eds., CollegeHill Publishers, Boston, Mass., , pp. . Arthritis The Nations Leading Cause of Disability. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, Ga., . www.cdc.gov.nccdphp. Janke, M. AgeRelated Disabilities That May Impair Driving and Their Assessment Literature Review. Department of Motor Vehicles, Sacramento, Calif., . Isler, R., B. Parsonson, and G. Hansson. AgeRelated Effects of Restricted Head Movements on the Useful Field of View of Drivers. Accident Analysis Prevention, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Hauer, E. The Safety of Older People at Intersections. In Special Report Transportation in an Aging Society Improving Mobility and Safety for Older Persons, Vol. , Transportation Research Board, National Research Council, Washington, D.C., , pp. . Dahlstedt, S. Walking Speeds and Walking Habits of Elderly People. National Swedish Road and Traffic Research Institute, Stockholm, no date. Eubanks, J., and P. Hill. Pedestrian Crash Reconstruction and Litigation. Lawyers and Judges Publishing, Tucson, Ariz., . Bowman, B. L., and R. L. Vecellio. Pedestrian Walking Speeds and Conflicts at Urban Median Locations. In Transportation Research Record , Transportation Research Board, National Research Council, Washington, D.C., , pp. . Ohta, H., and H. Komatsu. Speed Perception in DrivingComparison with TV Observation. In Vision in Vehicles III A. Gale, ed., Amsterdam, Netherlands, Elsevier Science, , pp. . Oxley, J., B. Fildes, E. Ihsen, J. Charlton, and R. Day. Age Differences in RoadCrossing Decisions Based on Gap Judgments. In Proceedingsrd AAAM Annual Conference, Association for the Advancement of Automotive Medicine, Barrington, Ill., , pp. .T R A N S P O R TAT I O N I N A N A G I N G S O C I E T Y. A D E C A D E O F E X P E R I E N C E. Salthouse, T. A Theory of Cognitive Aging. Elsevier Press, Amsterdam, Netherlands, . . Stamatiadis, N., W. Taylor, and F. McKelvey. Elderly Drivers and Intersection Crashes. Transportation Quarterly, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Preusser, D., A. Williams, S. Ferguson, R. Ulmer, and H. Weinstein. Fatal Crash Risk for Older Drivers at Intersections. Accident Analysis Prevention, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Pedestrian Crash Reduction Guide. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, U.S. Department of Transportation, . . Retting, R., R. van Houten, L. Malenfant, J. van Houten, and C. Farmer. The Influence of Signs and Pavement Markings on Pedestrian Behavior and Conflict with Turning Vehicles. Results of a Field Experiment. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Arlington, Va., . . Linn, M., and K. Hunter. Perception of Age in the Elderly. Journal of Gerontology, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Matthews, M. Aging and the Perception of Driving Risk and Ability. Proc., th Annual Meeting of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, Human Factors and Ergonomics Society, Santa Monica, Calif., , pp. . . Jonah, B., and G. Engels. Measuring the Relative Risk of Pedestrian Crashes. Accident Analysis Prevention, Vol. , , pp. . . Sabey, B. Pedestrian Crashes Nature and Scope of the Problem. Presented at the Conference of Pedestrian SafetyPositive Step Forward, London, . . Holland, C., and P. Rabbitt. Peoples Awareness of Their AgeRelated Sensory and Cognitive Deficits and the Implications for Road Safety. Applied Cognitive Psychology, Vol. , , pp. . . van der Plight, J. Perceived Risk and Vulnerability as Predictors of Precautionary Behavior. British Journal of Health Psychology, Vol. , , pp. . . Rumar, K. Elderly Drivers in Europe. Swedish Road and Traffic Research Institute, Linkping, . . Lawton, M. Aging and Performance of Home Tasks. Human Factors, Vol. , , pp. . . Winter, D. Older DriversTheir Perception of Risk. Presented at the Passenger Car Meeting and Exposition, Dearborn, Mich., Society for Automotive Engineers, Warrendale, Penn., April . Eberhard, J. Safe Mobility for Seniors Citizens. IATSS Research, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Yanik, A., and R. Monforton. At Fault Crash Patterns of Older Drivers. Journal of Traffic Medicine, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Waller, P. The Older Driver. Human Factors, Vol. , No. , , pp. . . Marottoli, R. A., L. M. Cooney, D. R. Wagner, J. Doucette, and M. E. Tinetti. Predictors of Automobile... INOCCUPANT PROTECTIONCrashworthinessCrashworthiness refers to the safety performance of the vehicle in crashes and relates to a range of concepts, including Safety belts that are easier to put on, more comfortable to wear, and easier to take off Safety belts and airbags that adapt to characteristics of the vehicle and driver e.g., speed of the vehicle, driver seating height, driver weight and age Seat designs that offer improved protection to the neck in case of rear impact, such as a special seat structure that deforms to limit neck motion in lowspeed rear impacts Inflatable head restraints that limit rearward head motion Donor bags in the torso portion of the seat back that use the rearward motion of the torso to compress and transmit gas into a recipient bag in the head restraint and Side airbags to help protect the head, thorax, and pelvis.Since the release of Special Report in , many developments in the area of occupant protection have benefited the general population, with some benefiting elderly people in particular . Some developments have been in response to or in anticipation of societal changes these developments often are reflected in federal rule making. In other instances, safety developments have appeared to lead the way before society is aware of or is interested in the potential safety benefits Table lists safety innovations and puts safety feature development in a historical perspective. Many of these safety features now are ingrained, and it may be difficult to imagine when they did not exist. However, when introduced, these features were considered quite daring. Most of the features were introduced in the absence of regulation and sometimes were greeted with skepticism or disinterest. Many vehicle safety features have been developed and implemented during the last half century many of the features addressed the topics that received additional attention since the release of Special Report . These topics include frontal, side, and rear vehicle impacts vehicle rollover and driving while intoxicated. Included under the topic of frontal vehicle impacts are the topics of head impact protection and restraint systems and rating systems e.g., stars.Postcrash Assistance Frontal Vehicle ImpactsPostcrash assistance concepts include an automatic system that signals for help and indicates the vehi This adjustment could be based on a parameter value within a certain range e.g., seating height for short, average, and tall people or on a specific value e.g., seating height in..Frontal vehicle impacts are encountered in a significant proportion of crashes. For this area of the vehicle, safety concepts include controlled deformation of the front of the vehicle, padded and deforming instrument panels and other interior vehicle surfaces, and occupantR E D U C I N G I N J U R I E S A N D FATA L I T I E S T O O L D E R D R I V E S . V E H I C L E C O N C E P T STABLE Adaptation PrioritiesPreviously mentioned were the different modes of vehicle operation that must be considered in adaptation Modes A, B, and C . Table identifies the functions classified under each of these modes. Adaptive approaches must take into account the priorities listed in Table . For example, the functions of Mode A are critical for operation while the vehicle is under active guidance by the driver therefore, they require adaptation to make operation of those functions as easy for a person who is disabled as it is for a person who is not disabled. Depending on the disability pattern, functions may slip into Modes B or C without affecting safety of operation. Thus Table represents minimums rather than desirable adaptation levels. Ideally, all functions should be accessible in Mode A to any driver regardless of the drivers level of disability. People who do not have disabilities can and do operate any of these functions as Mode A while the vehicle is under way.Addressing Vision DisabilitiesMaking controls and displays more discriminating and legible is central for adaptations to visual disabilities, such as loss of accommodating power presbyopia and for transmission losses that affect brightness contrast. Benjamin Franklins invention of bifocals has been a boon for presbyopia compensation, but he probably never contemplated having to deal with the motor vehicle. Glasses or contacts with different degrees of correction for close and far vision are designed for deskwork and for sharp focus at perceptual infinity. People who wear bifocals generally cannot read dashboard displays or other graphics clearly at the dashboard distance. To see the displays better, drivers with bifocals must lower their heads sufficiently to bring their gaze through the distance correction part of the glasses. In addition, many vehicle designs confront the driver with vast expanses of black or dark colors, with labels in small white or gray lettering. At best, little contrast is available for reaching operating controls or accurately reaching a cup holder. Figure illustrates a typical homemade solution. the author has added white lines and dots to make the cup holders and radio knobs easier to see and use at night or when wearing sunglasses. Headup displays on the windshield can be read with the distance correction portion of bifocals. The functions that must be accommodated in Mode A generally are not affected by visual disabilities. Turn signal indicator lamps and high beam indicators should be as bright as possible. In Mode B, visibility and legibility of the transmission selector position require attenAUTOMOTIVE ADAPTIVE APPROACHES AGERELATED DISABILITIESVehicle SelectionFORMany older persons retain the vehicle they had when they retired because the vehicle may be paid for and their incomes may decrease. With the trend toward longer, healthier lives, the older driver eventually will be in the market for a new vehicle. Price, brand loyalty, style, size, comfort, and uses for the vehicle will continue to be dominant factors in vehicle selection, but there are certain models in each manufacturers stable that are designed to be more usable by the older driver. Technology Review recently ran an article on Fords age suit, a restrictive garment that helps designers understand some of the limitations that old age places on drivers and passengers. The age suit has a pair of goggles to simulate the light loss, contrast loss, and yellowing of vision caused by cataract and vitreous changes. Other manufacturers have reported similar approaches. Although vehicle manufacturers try to build their products for as wide a range of ages and capabilities as possible, their expectations are that certain models will appeal more than others to older people.T R A N S P O R TAT I O N I N A N A G I N G S O C I E T Y. A D E C A D E O F E X P E R I E N C ETABLE Priority of Motor Vehicle Controls for Adaptation and the Related Functions Mode A. Controls that must be accessible to the driver with the vehicle in motion Acceleratorbrakesteering primary controls Cruise controlSET Headlamp beam selector Horn Turn signals Windshield washer.momentary wipe Mode B Controls that are accessible to the driver with the vehicle not in motion Transmission automatic HVAC Exterior lamps Windshield wipers Parking brake Mode C Controls that can wait until the vehicle is out of the travel way Ignition and engine start Seat controls Power windows Door locks Cruise controlON Hazard flashers Interior lamps Mirrors Rear defrosterswiperswashersNOTE. If desired and feasible, Mode B or Mode C controls may be upgraded to Mode A or Mode B, but controls cannot be downgraded from their mode classification. .....Research Board, National Research Council, Washington, D.C., , pp. . Preusser, D. F., A. F. Williams, S. A. Ferguson, R. G. Ulmer, and H. B. Weinstein. Fatal Crash Risk of Older Drivers at Intersections. Accident Analysis Prevention, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Hancock, P. A., R. Parasuraman, and E. Bryne. DriverCentered Issues in Advanced Automation for Motor Vehicles. In Automation and Human Performance. Theory and Practice R. Parasuraman and M. Maouloua, eds., Erlbaum, Hillsdale, N.J., , pp. . Parasuraman, R., P. A. Hancock, and O. Olofinboda. Alarm Effectiveness in DriverCentered Collision Warning Systems. Ergonomics, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Njam, W., C. J. Wiacek, and A. Burgett. Identification of PreCrash Scenarios for Estimating the Safety Benefits of RearEnd Crash Avoidance. Presented at the th World Congress on ITS, Seoul, Korea, . Sixsmith, J. Driving Experiences and New Technology Evaluations and Expectations of Older Drivers. Occasional Paper . Department of Geography, Kings College, London, . Kline, D. W., T. J. B. Kline, T. L. Fozard, W. Kosnick, F. Schieber, and R. Sekuler. Vision, Aging, and Driving The Problems of Older Drivers. Journal of Gerontology Psychological Sciences, Vol. , , pp. . Redelmeier, D. A., and R. J. Tibshirani. Association Between CellularTelephone Calls and Motor Vehicle Collisions. New England Journal of Medicine, Vol. , No. , , pp. . An Investigation of the Safety Implications of Wireless Communications in Vehicles. DOT HS . National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, U.S. Department of Transportation, . Goodman, M. J., L. Tijerina, F. D. Bents, and W. W. Wierwille. Using Cellular Telephones in Vehicles Safe or Unsafe Transportation Human Factors, Vol. , No. , , pp. . lm, H., and L. Nilsson. The Effects of a Mobile Phone Task on Driver Behavior in a Car Following Situation. Accident Analysis Prevention, Vol. , No. , , pp. . Hart, S. G., and L. E. Staveland. Development of NASATLX Task Load Index Results of Empirical and Theoretical Research. In Human Mental Workload P. A. Hancock and N. Mechkati, eds., North Holland, Amsterdam, Netherlands, . McKnight, J. A., and A. S. McKnight. The Effects of InVehicle Navigation Information Systems upon Driver Attention. American Automotive Association Foundation for Traffic Safety, Washington, D.C., . Barham, P., J. Alexander, B. E. Ayala, and P. Oxley. What Are the Benefits and Safety Implications of RouteI N V E H I C L E I N T E L L I G E N T T R A N S P O R TAT I O N S Y S T E M S.. 