Apple iOS7 Deal, : Here is your limited chance for an iPad or MacBook Air at 35%-55% off retail! Limited stock (100) left today. Will be sold out soon, so get yours right away! http://webmail.javanjers.com/6879ddb978b697ca314311c52160e0695b81a3 Comes with an Apple one year warranty. Product sealed in original packaging. Claim your iPad or MacBook Air before they are all gone. ::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--:: Newsworthy items from around the world: AppendicesAppendix .. Invasive penicillin nonsusceptible Streptococcus pneumoniae PNSP isolates reported to EARSS in the period , per country, per year. Country Year Nr. of laboratories Total nr. of S. pneumoniae for penicillin AT BE BG CZ DE DK EE ES FI FR HR HU IE Nr. interNr. resistant intermediate resistant Nr. of PNSP of PNSPisolated tested mediateAppendicesCountryYearNr. of laboratoriesTotal nr. of S. pneumoniae for penicillinNr. inter AppendicesCountryYearNr. of laboraTotal nr. of PNSP isolates of PNSP isolates tested for CEP Number intermediate Number resistant intermediate Dan Med J .March concordant with that of many other departments of in ternal medicine and in accordance with a previous Danish study . No AEP criteria were found in out of admis sions. A total of of these cases were reclassified as appropriate. One or more AEP criteria were found in admissions. Twentyeight of these were reclassified as inappropriate by clinical evaluation, yielding a total of inappropriate admissions. Previous studies have also concluded that a second review of patients data is necessary, as AEP criteria alone cannot distinguish between appropriate and inap propriate patient admissions in all cases , . In this study, a second review reclassified . of the ad missions. In patient admissions where no AEP criteria were identified, but which were subsequently reclassified as appropriate, several different diagnoses were found. These cases included vertigo, patients suspected of hav ing pulmonary embolism and.or deep vein thrombosis and hyperglycaemia . For all these patients, admission was justified by a need for urgent observation, treat ment or examination. Intravenous fluid treatment to nursing home pa tients is often mentioned as a cause of inappropriate ad mission. In the present study, intravenous fluid treat ment was the only AEP criterion in admissions. Ten of these were reclassified as inappropriate. Half of these n were from nursing homes. In admissions with only one AEP criterion, a number of patients were reclassified as inappropriate These were patients with one of the following AEP criteria. ab normal blood pressure n , need for intravenous medication n , need for respiratory assistance n , severe electrolyte or blood gas abnormality n , persistent fever C n or abnormal pulse rate n . The subsequent patient path analyses of these pa tients showed that the admission was inappropriate. We looked at the referral diagnosis of the pa tients classified as inappropriate admissions, both with and without AEP. The referring doctors provisional diag nosis was either dehydration, dyspnoea, pneumonia, confusion, abdominal pain, fever, back pain, hyperten sion, International Normalized Ratio INR , deep ven ous thrombosis or vertigo. These diagnoses are all a just cause for acute referral. However, we reclassified these as inappropriate because we realized that the subse quent patient path after an appropriate reevaluation or initial treatment was extremely short since admission of the patients was not necessary. In of the admissions classified or reclassified as inappropriate, a subacute referral to an outpatient clinic any of a range of medical specialities the next day would have been appropriate, and some could perhapshave been handled by the GP. We therefore suggest that most of these inappropriate admissions are renamed as preventable admissions. We recommend that acute medical departments create a diagnostic unit with easy access to Xray and blood samples that can handle patients acutely without subsequent hospitalisation. As the mean age of patients referred acutely to medical departments is relatively high, we further suggest the introduction of a patient path coordinated with primary care staff. The goal of the above measures is to avoid inappro priate admissions. In our study population, we found no indication that this goal was achieved by the referring doctors preadmission patient examination. In conclusion, our study has shown that a minimum of of the admissions to an acute medical ward with subsequent hospitalisation are preventable. We found no indication that examination by the referring doctor was of crucial importance. In our setting, we found that admissions classified according to internationally ac cepted AEP as inappropriate were justified, but could have been handled otherwise either as subacute referral to an out patient clinic or by a short pathway with diag nosis and treatment initiation without admission. AEP criteria alone are not sufficient to describe the complex handling within acute medicine . New tools are needed. We hope that our study as well as other studies may help form the basis for such new working tools.cORREsPOndEncE. Henrik Koldborg Jepsen, Endokrinologisk Gastroentero logisk Afdeling, Bispebjerg Hospital, Bispebjerg Bakke , Copenhagen NV, Denmark. Email hksnit.gmail.com accEPTEd January cOnFlicTs OF inTEREsT none. Disclosure forms provided by the authors are available with the full text of this article at www.danmedj.dk. aKnOWlEdEgmEnTs We thank Bjrn Hesselbo, Human Ressource and Development, Bispebjerg Hospital for data processing support and medical writer Tine Nevermann. We also thank the nurses and secretaries from the AMA and the Emergency Department Bispebjerg Hospital for data collecting assistance. liTERaTURE . Ishy T, Quist P, Rasmussen L et al. Uhensigtsmssige indlggelser p medicinske afdelinger. Ugeskr Lger . . Angelillo IF, Ricciardi G, Nante N et al. Appropriateness of hospital utiliza tion in Italy. Pub Health . . Hilsted JC, Ewald T, Elbrnd R et al. Acute admission to medical depart ments. Dan Med Bul . . Lorenzo S, Lang T, Pastor R et al. Reliability study of the European appro priateness evaluation protocol. Int J Qual Health Care . . Smith HE, Pryce A, Carlisle L et al. Appropriateness of acute medical admis sions and length of stay. J R Coll Phys Lond . . Sangha O, Schneeweiss S, Wildner M et al. Metric properties of the appro priateness evaluation protocol and predictors of inappropriate hospital use in Germany an approach using longitudinal patient data. Int J Qual Health Care . . Lang T, Liberati A, Tampieri A et al. A European version of the appropriate ness evaluation protocol. Int J Technol Assess Health Care .Dan Med J .March danish mEdic al JOURnallocal outbreak of quinoloneresistant but ceftriaxonesusceptible gonorrhoea in a region of denmark WHO.CDSCSRGIP.Informal consultation on influenza pandemic preparedness in countries with limited resourcesKuala Lumpur, Malaysia June Department of Communicable Disease Surveillance and Response World Health Organization All rights reserved. The designations employed and the presentation of the material in this publication do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the World Health Organization concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. Dotted lines on maps represent approximate border lines for which there may not yet be full agreement. The mention of specific companies or of certain manufacturers products does not imply that they are endorsed or recommended by the World Health Organization in preference to others of a similar nature that are not mentioned. Errors and omissions excepted, the names of proprietary products are distinguished by initial capital letters.The World Health Organization does not warrant that the information contained in this publication iscomplete and correct and shall not be liable for any damages incurred as a result of its use.Informal consultation on influenza pandemic preparedness in countries with limited resources Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, June Contents Change up the way we contact you at: http://webmail.javanjers.com/6879ddb978b697ca314312c52160e0695b81a3 ::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--::--:: 