 Daily Encounter ... daily inspirational by Richard Innes of ACTS International To view this email as a Web Page, Click HERE . Also, to ensure future delivery of emails, please add acts@actsweb.org to your safe sender list or address book.       If you find value in Daily Encounte r we hope you will be comfortable in donating at least $26. That's only 50 cents a week for an entire year to send Daily Encounter to 390,000+ worldwide subscribers every weekday of the year— without charge.     Books by Dick Innes, author of Daily Encounter You Can't Fly With a Broken Wing. One reader said, "This is the most helpful book I have ever read....    for $10.99 How to Mend a Broken Heart. A retired veterinary surgeon, former lecturer at the Royal Veterinarian College of London and at Cambridge, wrote: "I have gone through two divorces and ... have just read your book, How to Mend a Broken Heart . It is the most helpful counseling I have ever read."    for $7.99 I Hate Witnessing , Pastor Ernie Cox of Ontario, Canada, said, "I've just finished reading I Hate Witnessing and have to say that it is the best thing I've ever read on communicating the gospel."    for 10.99 Personalized Poems available   Click HERE for more information, and ordering . Passport for Heaven: Excellent for giving to family, friends and contacts. Available in packs of 5, 10, 25, 50, 100, 200, or more. To Purchase   Share the gospel and Daily Encounter with friends and contacts by giving an attractive Business witness card ... available in packs of 50. Twelve different cards available. Click HERE for ACTS-in-Action monthly report. Click HERE for information to ensure that you receive every day's issue of Daily Encounter and so it won't get blocked. Please recommend Daily Encounter to a friend. Click HERE and then on "Send E-Mail" button. To receive the TEXT edition of Daily Encounter without pictures rather than this HTML edition with pictures:  Click HERE.   Tuesday, June 25, 2013 Talk Is Cheap "All hard work brings a profit, but mere talk leads only to poverty." 1 A man bought a parrot at an auction after some heavy bidding. "I hope this bird talks," he told the auctioneer. "Talk?" the auctioneer replied, "Who do you think has been bidding against you for the past ten minutes?" Sad to say we seem to be living in a day when a person's word has less and less value. Once upon a time a man's word was his bond. Not any more I'm afraid. For far too many their word doesn't mean a thing. We've become pretty adept at parroting what we think people want to hear. I remember one of my college professors teaching us that a person's character (among other things) could be measured by what value he or she puts on his/her word. People who don't keep their word have a character issue and cannot be trusted. Fortunately, however, of one thing we can be certain, God always keeps his word and always keeps his promises. To be Christ-like we need to do the same! For after all, it's what we do, not what we say, that says the most of all. Suggested prayer: "Dear God, please make me a man/woman of my word so I can always be trusted to say what I mean, mean what I say, and do what I say I will do. Thank you for hearing and answering my prayer. Gratefully in Jesus' name, amen." 1. Proverbs 14:23 ( NIV ). <:))))>< NOTE: If you would like to accept God's forgiveness for all your sins and His invitation for a full pardon Click HERE . Or if you would like to re-commit your life to Jesus Christ, please click HERE to note this. You are subscribed to this list as: gm@dispostable.com To unsubscribe, please use this form: http://www.actsweb.org/unsub.php NOTE: Click HERE for ACTS Monthly Report . See Weekend Encounter ... without charge every weekend: humor, helps, inspiration. For the current edition: Click HERE. Global Communications Outreach: Learn how to be a missionary right from your own home and have a vital part in worldwide gospel outreach by becoming an ACTS People Power for Jesus Partner. Click HERE There is no charge. Note re Comments: Please keep your comment from 10 to 12 lines max. Comment only on this day's Daily Encounter . Click only one time on the "Add Your Comment" button to send your message. Keep in mind that many responses are coming from people whose first language is not English. We reserve the right to delete unsuitable comments and unsuitably long comments. about today's Daily Encounter How to Know God and be sure you're a real Christian without having to be religious: Click HERE . Archives: For Daily and Weekend Encounter archives: Click HERE . On the Lighter Side: Click HERE . NOTE: You are receiving this recurring mailing because you subscribed on one of our web sites, or requested by email or letter to be subscribed, responded to an advertisement on ArcaMax.com to be subscribed, or confirmed your subscription after recording your response on one of our web sites. Prayer Partners Needed: One of ACTS International's greatest needs is Prayer Partners to stand with us as we seek to share the gospel of Jesus Christ with millions of people around the world through E-mail and the Internet, and to bring people to Jesus. If you would like to join with us as an ACTS Prayer Partner, please Click HERE , and then click on the Subscribe to Prayer Encounter. Unless a special or urgent need arises, we send out only one prayer update report each month. Published by: ACTS International Report problems to ACTS International © Copyright 1998-2013 ACTS International P.O. Box 73545 San Clemente, California 92673 U.S.A. Richard and Joy Innes. Richard is the author of Daily Encounter. Be an "ACTS Friend" and receive the Innes's monthly email report.   Facebook & Twitter Links       Links to Articles    About God    About Faith    Relationships    Success    Solutions    Recovery     ` Available: CDs by Dick Innes : "Loving & Understand-ing People." "Healing Wholeness and Happiness." "I Hate Witnessing." "God's Formula for Success."     at Store     You Are Invited     Privacy Policy: We have a strict privacy policy in that your email address and any details you provide will never be shared with any other individual or organization.                         