 Compliments of the day,   How are you today? I hope fine, I know this Email will come to you as a big surprise, This is the second time am sending you this Letter, the truth is i got your Email contact from a business directory on the Internet and decided to contact you regarding this Business Proposal. I am Dr. Anthony Robin Lewis, Head of Accounting and Audit Department of credit Suisse bank, One Cabot Square, London E14 4QJ London, here in England. I am writing you from my office which will be of a great immense benefit for both of us.  In my department being the assistant manager (Greater London region), I discovered an abandoned sum of 16.5 Million GBP (Sixteen Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers Late Mr. Moises Saba, a Jew from Mexico that was a victim of a helicopter crash on 10th January 2010 killing him and family members.  Mr Saba was 46-years-old,also in the chopper at the time of the crash was his wife Adela Tuachi, their son Avraham (Alberto) and his daughter-in-law Judith, The pilot was also dead.   The choice of contacting you is aroused from the geographical nature Of where you live, particularly due to the sensitivity of the transaction and the confidentiality herein, Now our bank has been waiting for any of the relatives to come-up for the claim but nobody has done that, I personally has been unsuccessful in locating the relatives, I seek your consent to present you as the Next of kin /Will Beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of This account valued at 16.5 Million GBP can be paid to you.   This will be disbursed or shared in these percentages, 60% to me and 40% to you, I have secured all necessary legal documents that we can used to back up this claim. All I need is to fill in your names to the documents and legalize it in the court here to prove you as the legitimate beneficiary.  All I need now is your honest Co-operation, Confidentiality and Trust to enable us see this Transaction through. I guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.   If you are interested in this DEAL, kindly provide me the following Details as we have Seven Working days to run this DEAL through:   1.) Your Full Names: 2.) Your Telephone and Fax Number:3.) Your Contact Address:4.) Your Age/Gender:5.) Your Job/Occupation:6.) Your Private Email address 7.) Your Nationality   Having gone through a methodical search, I decided to contact you hoping that you will find this proposal interesting, Please on your Confirmation of this message and indicating your interest, I will furnish you with more information.   Endeavour to let me know your decision rather than keeping me waiting.   Best Regards,   Dr. Anthony Robin Lewis Mobile Phone: +44-7031944046 