 100% Organic Weight Loss! If you can't read or see this e-mail. Click here or enable image viewing on your browser. Update Preferences PO Box 26452 Minneapolis, MN 55426 y's vote.He also said he could not support any tax cuts in the current legislative session if the bill doesn't pass.The Senate immediately adjourned without taking up any bill after the House vote. Senate President Michael Lamoureux said other pending issues, including a tax cut package and the proposed budget for the year, were paused while lawmakers consider the private option."I think it puts everything on hold, and probably not much of a chance of wrapping up by Friday at this point," said Lamoureux, R-Russellville.Arkansas is deciding whether to enact an alternative to the Medicaid expansion that was once required under the federal health care law but is now a choice left up to individual states after last year's Supreme Court ruling.The proposal was a compromise reached between Republican legislative leaders and Democratic Gov. Mike Beebe as an alternative to expanding Medicaid enrollment. Under the bill, Arkansas would take the federal Medicaid funds it would have received to expand the program and instead use that money to purchase private insurance for 250,000 residents who make up to 138 percent of the poverty line, which amounts to $15,415 per year.U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has said the state's plan was consistent with Medicaid's requirements, but in a letter to Beebe this month she stopped short of giving final approval.Some Republican support for the "private option" proposal is also linked Joshua Petersen makes his initial appearance at the Fourth District Court in Provo Monday, April 15, 2013. Petersen is charged with killing his 5-month-old son. (AP Photo/The Daily Herald, Mark Johnston, Pool) MARK JOHNSTON/Daily HeraldThe Associated PressJoshua Petersen makes his initial appearance at the Fourth District Court in Provo, Utah, Monday, April 15, 2013. Petersen is charged with killing his 5-month-old son. (AP Photo/The Daily Herald, Mark Johnston, Pool)The Associated PressJoshua Petersen is led from the courtroom after making his initial appearance at the Fourth District Court in Provo Monday, April 15, 2013. Petersen is charged with killing his 5-month-old son. (AP Photo/The Daily Herald, Mark Johnston, Pool) MARK JOHNSTON/Daily HeraldThe Associated PressJoshua Petersen makes his initial appearance at the Fourth District Court in Provo Monday, April 15, 2013. Petersen is charged with killing his 5-month-old son. (AP Photo/The Daily Herald, Mark Johnston, Pool) MARK JOHNSTON/Daily HeraldThe Associated PressJoshua Petersen is led from the courtroom after making his initial appearance at the Fourth District Court in Provo Monday, April 15, 2013. Petersen is charged with killing his 5-month-old son. (AP Photo/The Daily Herald,Mark Johnston, Pool )The Associated PressAMERICAN FORK, Utah The lawyer for a Utah man accused of fatally shooting his 5-month-old son is "devastated" about it.The Salt Lake Tribune reports t 