Secure your loan application in 7 minutes! http://www.nitrestooxalic.net/1445/73/150/684/1315.12tt62432123AAF11.php Unsub- http://www.nitrestooxalic.net/1445/73/150/684/1315.12tt62432123AAF12.html with varying degrees of confidence that "the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons on a small scale in Syria, specifically the chemical agent sarin."Secretary of State John Kerry further confirmed that there were two documented instances of chemical weapons use.The White House, however, stressed that this was not enough to confirm how the nerve gas was released -- though acknowledged it is "very likely" to have originated with the regime of Bashar Assad -- and pressed the United Nations for a "comprehensive" investigation. The letter from the White House director of the Office of Legislative Affairs to leading members of the Senate Armed Services Committee said the assessment was based in part on "physiological samples."McCain, speaking to Fox News, said in his view the red line "was crossed."Feinstein, an important voice on matters of intelligence and security, also said it is "clear" those lines have been crossed and "action must be taken to prevent larger scale use."She added, in a statement: "Syria has the ability to kill tens of thousands with its chemical weapons. The world must come together to prevent this by unified action which results in the secure containment of Syria's significant stockpile of chemical weapons. On the basis of this new assessment, which is matched by France and the United Kingdom, I urge the United Nations Security Council -- including Russia -- to finally take strong and meaningful action to end this cr All five living past and present U.S. presidents gathered in Dallas for the dedication of the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum Thursday, an event that saw the men share a rare bond that transcends partisan differences."There was a time in my life when I wasn't likely to be found at a library, much less found one," Bush quipped, before thanking his predecessors and successor for the "kind words" and the "examples you set."Bush thanked his mother Barbara Bush for teaching him to live life to the fullest, and his father, the 41st president, for "teaching me how to be a president ... and how to be a man."- President Obama on President Bush"Forty-one, it is awesome that you are here today," he said, drawing a smile from his 88-year-old father, who has battled health problems in recent months.Earlier, President Obama noted that the exclusive group of current and former presidents is often viewed as a club, but he said it is "more of a support group.""No matter how much you think you're ready to assume the office of the president, its impossible to understand the nature of the job until its yours," Obama said. "The first thing I found in that desk was a letter from George. He knew that I would come to learn what he had learned. That being president is a humbling job."We know President Bush the man," Obama said. "To know the man is to like the man. Because hes comfortable in his own skin. He knows who he is. He doesnt put on a 