 Okay, we admit that this is going to sound crazy, but it is not! We need people in your city that enjoy having one night stands with attractive people that are also interested in having one night stands. We have created a new dating community just for people that are not really looking for love, but are looking to have a good time with other people for no strings attached fun. As you know, opportunities like this to have multiple one night stands every week are not easy to find, but we have made it easy. All you need to do is take 4 minutes out of your day to create a dating profile so you can begin searching our member database to see all of the people that you can have a one night stand with. This really is your GOLDENT TICKET to one night stands. Go here to get your GOLDEN TICKET to one night stands: http://ruleshi.com/255274/593033516636/ Now, after you create your account your inbox will start to get flooded with horny women, married and single, that will want to help you with your one night stand. So you will need to be ready to start replying back to these emails. This will be the most fun that you have had in a very long time! More information about what lies ahead for you after you get this GOLDEN TICKET..... If you want to meet -sexually explicit- women in your city that want to have a discreet affair, then we can help you out today. Most of the women you meet here just want to have one night stands without any type of commitment. This is your GOLDEN TICKET to one night stands! Go here to get your GOLDEN TICKET to one night stands: http://ruleshi.com/255274/593033516636/ Best of all, our site is anonymous, and we GURANTEE that you will have intimate encounters with women that you meet here. What is stopping you from joining? This is the GOLDEN TICKET to one night stands that you have been waiting for your entire adult life. DO NOT let this pass you by! Just think about the gorgeous women that you could be waking up next to this weekend? You won't be making love to anyone from our dating site unless you join now...there should be nothing holding you back! ----- To not receive this message again please visit this page: http://ruleshi.com/255275/593033516636/ or write to: Stallion com FSC Limited 12 Kingslyn Ave., Kingston, W.I. 10 JM You will not get anymore of our emails if you go here: http://ruleshi.com/unsub.php?client=zip_offers_n&msgid=25061300007 and enter your email address (tony@dispostable.com) or write to: 2002-A Guadalupe St. 297 Austin TX 78705 